as i walk through the valley where i harvest my grain
i take a look at my wife and realize she's very plain
but that's just perfect for an amish like me
you know, i shun fancy things like electricity
at 4:30 in the mornin' i'm milkin' cows
jebediah feeds the chickens and jacob plows, fool
and i've been milkin' and plowin' so long that
even ezekiel thinks that my mind is gone
i'm a man of the land, i'm into discipline
got a bible in my hand and a beard on my chin
but if i finish all of my chores, and you finish thine
then tonight we're gonna party like it's 1699

we been spending most our lives
living in an amish paradise
i've churned butter once or twice
living in an amish paradise
it's hard work and sacrifice
living in an amish paradise
we sell quilts at discount price
living in an amish paradise

a local boy kicked me in the butt last week
i just smiled at him and i turned the other cheek
i really don't care, in fact i wish him well
'cause i'll be laughing my head off when he's burning in hell
but i ain't never punched a tourist even if he deserved it
an amish with a 'tude? you know that's unheard of
i never wear buttons but i got a cool hat
and my homies agree, i really look good in black, fool
if you come to visit, you'll be bored to tears
we haven't even paid the phone bill in 300 years
but we ain't really quaint, so please don't point and stare
we're just technologically impaired
there's no phone, no lights, no motorcar
not a single luxury
like robinson crusoe
it's as primitive as can be

we been spending most our lives
living in an amish paradise
we're just plain and simple guys
living in an amish paradise
there's no time for sin and vice
living in an amish paradise
we don't fight, we all play nice
living in an amish paradise

hitchin' up the buggy, churning lots of butter
raised a barn on monday, soon i'll raise another
think you're really righteous? think you're pure in heart?
well, i know i'm a million times as humble as thou art
i'm the pious guy the little amlettes wanna be like
on my knees day and night scoring points for the afterlife
so don't be vain and don't be whiny
or else, my brother, i might have to get medieval on your heinie
we been spending most our lives
living in an amish paradise
we're all crazy mennonites
living in an amish paradise
there's no cops and traffic lights
living in an amish paradise
but you'd probably think it bites
living in an amish paradise

(ooh, ooh, yech!) 

everybody shut up! (woo!)
everyone listen up!
hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey (uh, woo!)
hey, hey, hey (woo!)

if you can't write in the proper way (woo!)
if you don't know how to conjugate (woo!)
hey, maybe you flunked that class (hey, hey, hey)
and maybe now you find (hey, hey, hey)
that people mock you online (hey, hey, hey)
(everybody wise up!)

okay, now here's the deal
i'll try to educate ya (woo!) (ow!)
gonna familiarize
you with the nomenclature (woo!) (meow!)
you'll learn the definitions (hey, hey, hey)
of nouns and prepositions (hey, hey, hey)
literacy's your mission (hey, hey, hey)

and that's why i think it's a good time (woo!)
to learn some grammar (what)
now, did i stammer?
work on that grammar (woo!)
you should know when
it's "less" or it's "fewer" (woo!) (oh, yeah)
like people who were (all right)
never raised in a sewer
i hate these word crimes
like "i could care less" (hey, hey, hey)
that means you do care (whoa)
at least a little
don't be a moron (hey, hey)
you'd better slow down
and use the right pronoun (hey, hey)
show the world you're no clown
(everybody wise up!)

say you've got an "i-t"
followed by apostrophe "s" (woo!)
now, what does that mean?
you would not use "it's" in this case (woo!)
as a possessive (no, no, no!)
it's a contraction (yeah, yeah, yeah!)
what's a contraction?
well, it's the shortening of a word or a group of words
by omission of a sound or letter (woo!)

okay, now here are some notes
syntax you're always mangling (woo!)
no x in "espresso"
your participle's danglin' (uh-huh)
but i don't want your drama (hey, hey, hey) (uh-huh)
if you really wanna (hey, hey, hey) (uh-huh)
leave out that oxford comma (hey, hey, hey) (uh-huh)
just keep in mind that
"be", "see", "are", "you"
are words, not letters (woo!)
get it together (hey, hey)
use your spell checker
you should never
write words using numbers (woo!) (hey, hey)
unless you're seven (yeah-ay)
or your name is prince
(everybody wise up!)

i hate these word crimes (i hate them crimes)
you really need a (woo!) (i hate them crimes)
full-time proofreader (i mean those crimes)
you dumb mouth-breather (woo!)
well, you should hire (i'll hire)
some cunning linguist (woo!)
to help you distinguish
what is proper english
(everybody wise up!)

one thing i ask of you (okay)
time to learn your homophones is past due (woo!)
learn to diagram a sentence, too
always say "to whom", don't ever say "to who" (woo!)
and listen up when i tell you this
i hope you never use quotation marks for emphasis (woo!)
you finished second grade, i hope you can tell
if you're doing good or doing well (woo!)
you better figure out the difference
irony is not coincidence (woo!)
and i thought that you'd gotten it through your skull
about what's figurative and what's literal (woo!)
oh, but just now (just now), you said (you said)
you "literally" couldn't get out of bed (woo!) (what?)
that really makes me want to literally
smack a crowbar upside your stupid head
i read your e-mail (yeah, yeah)
it's quite apparent (woo!)
your grammar's errant
you're incoherent (woo!)
saw your blog post (hey, hey)
it's really fantastic (oh, woah)
that was sarcastic (oh, psych!)
'cause you write like a spastic (woo!)

i hate these word crimes (everybody wise up)
your prose is dopey (woo!) (hey)
think you should only (woah, woah)
write in emoji (woo!)
oh, you're a lost cause (hey, hey, hey)
go back to preschool (woo!)
get out of the gene pool (hey, hey, hey)
try your best to not drool (woo!)

never mind, i give up (woo!)
really now, i give up (woo!)
hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey
go away! 

they see me mowin' my front lawn
i know they're all thinking i'm so white and nerdy
think i'm just too white and nerdy
think i'm just too white and nerdy
can't you see i'm white and nerdy?
look at me, i'm white and nerdy
i wanna roll with the gangstas
but so far they all think i'm too white and nerdy
think i'm just too white and nerdy
think i'm just too white and nerdy
i'm just too white and nerdy
really, really white and nerdy

first in my class here at mit
got skills, i'm a champion at d&d
m.c. escher—that's my favorite "m.c."
keep your 40, i'll just have an earl grey tea
my rims never spin, to the contrary
you'll find that they're quite stationary
all of my action figures are cherry
stephen hawking's in my library
my myspace page is all totally pimped out
got people beggin' for my top 8 spaces
yo, i know pi to a thousand places
ain't got no grills, but i still wear braces
i order all of my sandwiches with mayonnaise
i'm a whiz at minesweeper—i could play for days
once you see my sweet moves, you're gonna stay amazed
my fingers movin' so fast i'll set the place ablaze
there's no killer app i haven't run (run)
at pascal, well, i'm number one (one)
do vector calculus just for fun
i ain't got a gat but i got a soldering gun (what?)
"happy days" is my favorite theme song
i could sure kick your butt in a game of ping pong
i'll ace any trivia quiz you bring on
i'm fluent in javascript as well as klingon
here's the part i sing on
they see me roll on my segway
i know in my heart they think i'm white and nerdy
think i'm just too white and nerdy
think i'm just too white and nerdy
can't you see i'm white and nerdy?
look at me, i'm white and nerdy
i'd like to roll with the gangstas
although it's apparent i'm too white and nerdy
think i'm just too white and nerdy
think i'm just too white and nerdy
i'm just too white and nerdy
how'd i get so white and nerdy?

i've been browsin', inspectin'
x-men comics, you know i collect 'em
the pens in my pocket, i must protect 'em
my ergonomic keyboard never leaves me bored
shopping online for deals on some writable media
i edit wikipedia
i memorized holy grail really well
i can recite it right now and have you "rotflol"
i got a business doing websites
when my friends need some code, who do they call?
i do html for 'em all
even made a homepage for my dog, yo
i got myself a fanny pack
they were havin' a sale down at the gap
spend my nights with a roll of bubble wrap
pop, pop, hope no one sees me, gettin' freaky
i'm nerdy in the extreme and whiter than sour cream
i was in av club and glee club and even the chess team
only question i ever thought was hard
was do i like kirk or do i like picard?
spend every weekend at the renaissance fair
got my name on my underwear
they see me strollin', they laughin'
and rollin' their eyes 'cause i'm so white and nerdy
just because i'm white and nerdy
just because i'm white and nerdy
all because i'm white and nerdy
holy cow, i'm white and nerdy!
i wanna bowl with the gangstas
but, oh well, it's obvious i'm white and nerdy
think i'm just too white and nerdy
think i'm just too white and nerdy
i'm just too white and nerdy
look at me, i'm white and nerdy 

it might seem crazy, wearing stripes with plaid
i instagram every meal i've had
all my used liquor bottles are on display
we can go to see a show, but i'll make you pay

(because i'm tacky)
wear my belt with suspenders and sandals with my socks
(because i'm tacky)
got some new glitter uggs and lovely pink sequined crocs
(because i'm tacky)
never let you forget some favor i did for you
(because i'm tacky)
if you're okay with that, you might just be tacky, too

i meet some chick, ask her this and that (yeah)
like, "are you pregnant, girl, or just really fat?" (what?) (yeah)
well, now i'm dropping names almost constantly (yeah)
that's what kanye west keeps telling me, here's why

(because i'm tacky)
wear my ed hardy shirt with fluorescent orange pants
(because i'm tacky)
got my new resume—it's printed in comic sans
(because i'm tacky)
think it's fun threatening waiters with a bad yelp review
(because i'm tacky)
if you think that's just fine, then you're probably tacky, too
hey, come on, ah
bring me shame, can't nothing (tacky)
bring me shame, can never know why (tacky)
bring me shame, can't nothing (tacky)
bring me shame, i said (tacky)
bring me shame, can't nothing (tacky)
bring me shame, it's pointless to try (tacky)
bring me shame, can't nothing (tacky)
bring me shame, i said (tacky)

(because i'm tacky)
43 bumper stickers and a "yolo" license plate
(because i'm tacky)
bring along my coupon book whenever i'm on a date
(because i'm tacky)
practice my twerking moves in line at the dmv
(because i'm tacky)
took the whole bowl of restaurant mints, hey, it said they're free
(because i'm tacky)
i get drunk at the bank and take off my shirt, at least
(because i'm tacky)
i would live-tweet a funeral, take selfies with the deceased
(because i'm tacky)
if i'm bitten by a zombie, i'm probably not telling you
(because i'm tacky)
if you don't think that's bad, guess what, then you're tacky, too
hey, come on! 

way back when i was just a little bitty boy
living in a box under the stairs in the corner of the basement of the house
half a block down the street from jerry's bait shop
(you know the place)
well, anyway, back then life was going swell and everything was just peachy!
except, of course, for the undeniable fact that every single morning
my mother would make me a big ol' bowl of sauerkraut for breakfast
aw, big bowl of sauerkraut!
every single mornin'!
it was driving me crazy
i said to my mom
i said, "hey, mom, what's up with all the sauerkraut?"
and my dear, sweet mother
she just looked at me like a cow looks at an oncoming train
and she leaned right down next to me
and she said, "it's good for you!"
and then she tied me to the wall and stuck a funnel in my mouth
and force fed me nothing but sauerkraut until i was twenty six and a half years old
that's when i swore that someday
someday i would get outta that basement and travel to a magical, far away place
where the sun is always shining and the air smells like warm root beer
and the towels are oh so fluffy
where the shriners and the lepers play their ukuleles all day long
and anyone on the street will gladly shave your back for a nickel
wacka wacka doodoo yeah!
well, let me tell you, people, it wasn't long at all before my dream came true
because the very next day, a local radio station had this contest
to see who could correctly guess the number of molecules in leonard nimoy's butt
i was off by three, but i still won the grand prize
that's right, a first class one-way ticket

to albuquerque!
albuquerque!

oh yeah
you know, i'd never been on a real airplane before
and i gotta tell ya, it was really great
except that i had to sit between two large albanian women with excruciatingly severe body odor
and the little kid in back of me kept throwin' up the whole time
the flight attendants ran out of dr. pepper and salted peanuts
and the in-flight movie was bio-dome with pauly shore
and, oh yeah, three of the airplane engines burned out
and we went into a tailspin and crashed into a hillside
and the plane exploded in a giant fireball and everybody died
except for me
you know why?
'cause i had my tray table up
and my seat back in the full upright position
had my tray table up
and my seat back in the full upright position
had my tray table up
and my seat back in the full upright position
ah ha ha ha
ah ha ha
ah
so i crawled from the twisted, burnin' wreckage
i crawled on my hands and knees for three full days
draggin' along my big leather suitcase and my garment bag
and my tenor saxophone and my twelve-pound bowling ball
and my lucky, lucky autographed glow-in-the-dark snorkel
but finally i arrived at the world famous albuquerque holiday inn
where the towels are oh so fluffy
and you can eat your soup right out of the ashtrays if you wanna
it's okay, they're clean!
well, i checked into my room and i turned down the a/c
and i turned on the spectravision
and i'm just about to eat that little chocolate mint on my pillow
that i love so very, very much when suddenly, there's a knock on the door
well now, who could that be?
i say, "who is it?"
no answer
"who is it?"
there's no answer
"who is it?"
they're not sayin' anything
so, finally i go over and i open the door and just as i suspected
it's some big fat hermaphrodite with a flock of seagulls haircut and only one nostril
oh man, i hate it when i'm right
so anyway, he bursts into my room and he grabs my lucky snorkel
and i'm like, "hey, you can't have that!
that snorkel's been just like a snorkel to me!"
and he's like, "tough."
and i'm like, "give it!"
and he's like, "make me."
and i'm like, "'kay!"
so i grabbed his leg and he grabbed my esophagus
and i bit off his ear and he chewed off my eyebrows
and i took out his appendix and he gave me a colonic irrigation
yes, indeed, you better believe it
and somehow in the middle of it all, the phone got knocked off the hook
and twenty seconds later, i heard a familiar voice
and you know what it said?
i'll tell you what it said
it said
"if you'd like to make a call, please hang up and try again;
"if you need help, hang up and then dial your operator
"if you'd like to make a call, please hang up and try again;
"if you need help, hang up and then dial your operator."

in albuquerque
albuquerque

well, to cut a long story short, he got away with my snorkel
but i made a solemn vow right then and there that i would not rest
i would not sleep for an instant until the one-nostrilled man was brought to justice
but first, i decided to buy some donuts
so i got in my car and i drove over to the donut shop
and i walked on up to the guy behind the counter
and he says, "yeah, what do ya want?"
i said, "you got any glazed donuts?"
he said, "no, we're outta glazed donuts."
i said, "you got any jelly donuts?"
he said, "no, we're outta jelly donuts."
i said, "you got any bavarian cream-filled donuts?"
he said, "no, we're outta bavarian cream-filled donuts."
i said, "you got any cinnamon rolls?"
he said, "no, we're outta cinnamon rolls."
i said, "you got any apple fritters?"
he said, "no, we're outta apple fritters."
i said, "you got any bear claws?"
he said, "wait a minute, i'll go check
"no, we're outta bear claws."
i said, "well, in that case - in that case, what do you have?"
he says, "all i got right now is this box of one dozen starving, crazed weasels"
i said, "okay, i'll take that."
so he hands me the box and i open up the lid and the weasels jump out
and they immediately latch onto my face and start bitin' me all over
oh man, they were just going nuts
they were tearin' me apart
you know, i think it was just about that time that a little ditty started goin' through my head
i believe it went a little something like this...
doh!
get 'em off me!
get 'em off me!
no, get 'em off, get 'em off!
oh, oh god, oh god!
oh, get 'em off me!
oh, oh god!
i ran out into the street with these flesh-eating weasels all over my face
wavin' my arms all around and just runnin', runnin', runnin'
like a constipated wiener dog
and as luck would have it, that's exactly when i ran into the girl of my dreams
her name was zelda
she was a calligraphy enthusiast with a slight overbite and hair the color of strained peaches
i'll never forget the first thing she said to me
she said, "hey, you've got weasels on your face."
that's when i knew it was true love
we were inseparable after that
aw, we ate together, we bathed together
we even shared the same piece of mint-flavored dental floss
the world was our burrito
so we got married and we bought us a house
and had two beautiful children - nathaniel and superfly
oh, we were so very very very happy, aw yeah
but then one fateful night, zelda said to me
she said, "sweetie pumpkin? do you wanna join the columbia record club?"
i said, "whoa, hold on now, baby, i'm just not ready for that kind of a commitment!"
so we broke up and i never saw her again
but that's just the way things go

in albuquerque
albuquerque

anyway, things really started lookin' up for me
because about a week later, i finally achieved my lifelong dream
that's right, i got me a part-time job at the sizzler!
i even made employee of the month after i put out that grease fire with my face
aw yeah, everybody was pretty jealous of me after that
i was gettin' a lot of attitude
ok, like one time, i was out in the parking lot
tryin' to remove my excess earwax with a golf pencil
when i see this guy marty tryin' to carry a big ol' sofa up the stairs all by himself
so i, i say to him, i say, "hey, you want me to help you with that?"
and marty, he just rolls his eyes and goes
"no, i want you to cut off my arms and legs with a chainsaw."
so i did
and then he gets all indignant on me
he's like, "hey man, i was just being sarcastic!"
well, that's just great
how was i supposed to know that?
i'm not a mind reader for cryin' out loud
besides, now he's got a really cute nickname: "torso-boy"!
so what's he complaining about?
say, that reminds me of another amusing anecdote
this guy comes up to me on the street and says he hasn't had a bite in three days
well, i knew what he meant
but just to be funny, i took a big bite out of his jugular vein
and he's yellin' and screamin' and bleeding all over
and i'm like, "hey, come on, don'tcha get it?"
but he just keeps rolling around on the sidewalk, bleeding, and screaming
you know, just completely missing the irony of the whole situation
man, some people just can't take a joke, you know?
anyway, um, um, where was i?
kinda lost my train of thought
uh, well, uh, okay
anyway i, i know it's kinda been a roundabout way of saying it
but i guess the whole point i'm tryin' to make here is:
i
hate
sauerkraut!
that's all i'm really tryin' to say
and, by the way, if one day you happen to wake up
and find yourself in an existential quandary​
full of loathing and self-doubt
and wracked with the pain and isolation of your pitiful meaningless existence
at least you can take a small bit of comfort in knowing that
somewhere out there in this crazy old mixed-up universe of ours
there's still a little place called

albuquerque
albuquerque
albuquerque, albuquerque
albuquerque, albuquerque
albuquerque, albuquerque
albuquerque, albuquerque
i said, "a" (a)
"l" (l)
"b" (b)
"u" (u)
"...querque!" (querque!)
albuquerque, albuquerque, albuquerque, albuquerque
albuquerque, albuquerque, albuquerque, albuquerque
albuquerque, albuquerque, albuquerque, albuquerque
albuquerque, albuquerque, albuquerque, albuquerque
albuquerque 

a long, long time ago
in a galaxy far away
naboo was under an attack
and i thought me and qui-gon jinn
could talk the federation into
maybe cutting them a little slack
but their response, it didn't thrill us
they locked the doors and tried to kill us
we escaped from that gas
then met jar jar and boss nass
we took a bongo from the scene
and we went to theed to see the queen
we all wound up on tatooine
that's where we found this boy...
oh

my, my, this here anakin guy
may be vader someday later, now he's just a small fry
and he left his home and kissed his mommy goodbye
sayin', "soon i'm gonna be a jedi"
"soon i'm gonna be a jedi"

did you know this junkyard slave
isn't even old enough to shave?
but he can use the force, they say
ah, do you see him hitting on the queen
though he's just nine and she's fourteen?
yeah, he's probably gonna marry her someday
well, i know he built c-3po
and i've heard how fast his pod can go
and we were broke, it's true
so we made a wager or two
he was a prepubescent flyin' ace
and the minute jabba started off that race
well, i knew who would win first place
oh yes, it was our boy
we started singin'

my, my, this here anakin guy
may be vader someday later, now he's just a small fry
and he left his home and kissed his mommy goodbye
sayin', "soon i'm gonna be a jedi"
"soon i'm gonna be a jedi"

now we finally got to coruscant
the jedi council we knew would want
to see how good the boy could be
so we took him there and we told the tale
how his midi-chlorians were off the scale
and he might fulfill that prophecy
oh, the council was impressed, of course
could he bring balance to the force?
they interviewed the kid
oh, training they forbid
because yoda sensed in him much fear
and qui-gon said "now listen here
just stick it in your pointy ear
i still will teach this boy"
he was singin'
my, my, this here anakin guy
may be vader someday later, now he's just a small fry
and he left his home and kissed his mommy goodbye
sayin', "soon i'm gonna be a jedi"
"soon i'm gonna be a jedi"

we caught a ride back to naboo
cause queen amidala wanted to
i frankly would've liked to stay
we all fought in that epic war
and it wasn't long at all before
little hotshot flew his plane and saved the day
and in the end, some gungans died
some ships blew up and some pilots fried
a lot of folks were croakin'
the battle droids were broken
and the jedi i admire most
met up with darth maul and now he's toast
well, i'm still here and he's a ghost
i guess i'll train this boy
and i was singin'

my, my, this here anakin guy
may be vader someday later, now he's just a small fry
and he left his home and kissed his mommy goodbye
sayin', "soon i'm gonna be a jedi"
"soon i'm gonna be a jedi"
we were singin'

my, my, this here anakin guy
may be vader someday later, now he's just a small fry
and he left his home and kissed his mommy goodbye
sayin', "soon i'm gonna be a jedi" 

seven o'clock in the evening
watchin somethin' stupid on tv
i'm zoned out on the sofa
when my wife comes in the room and sees me
she says, "is this behind the music with lynyrd skynyrd?"
and i say, "i don't know
say, "it's gettin' late, what you wanna do for dinner?"
she says, "i kinda had a big lunch
so i'm not super hungry."
i said, "well, you know, baby, i'm not starvin' either
but i could eat."
she said, "so what do you have in mind?"
i said, "i don't know. what about you?"
she said, "i don't care ... if you're hungry, let's eat."
i said, "that's what we're gonna do!
but first you gotta tell me
what it is you're hungry for!"
and she says, "let me think...
what's left in our refrigerator?"
i said, "well, there's tuna, i know."
she said, "that went bad a week ago!"
i said, "is the chili okay?"
she said, "you finished that yesterday!"
i hopped up and said
"i don't know; do you want to get something delivered?"
she's like, "why would i want to eat liver?
i don't even like liver!"
i'm like, "no, i said 'delivered.'"
she's like, "i heard you say 'liver'!"
i'm like, "i should know what i said..."
she's like, "whatever! i just don't want any liver!"
well, i was gonna say something
but my cell phone started to ring
now who could be callin' me?
well i checked my caller id
it was just cousin larry
callin' for the third time today...
my wife said, "let it go to voicemail."
i said, "okay."
"where were we? oh, dinner, right!
so what d'ya want to do?"
she said, "why don't you whip up somethin' in the kitchen?"
"yeah," i said, "why don't you?"
and then she said "baby, can't we just go out to dinner, please?"
i say, "no"
she says, "yes"
i say, "no"
she says, "yes"
i say, "no"
she says, "yes...
oh, here's your keys"
i step a little bit closer
say, "okay, where ya want to go?"
she says, "how about the ivy?"
i said, "yeah, well, i don't know...
i don't feel like gettin all dressed up
and eatin' expensive food"
she's says, "olive garden?"
i say, "nah, i'm not in the mood...
and burrito king would make me gassy
there's no doubt"
she says, "just forget about it"
i said, "no, i swear i'm gonna take you out!"
then i get an idea
i say, "i know what we'll do!"
she says, "what?"
i say, "guess!"
she says "what?"
i say, "we're goin' to the drive-thru!"
so we head out the front door
open the garage door
then i open the car doors
and we get in those car doors
put my key in the ignition
and then i turn it sideways
then we fasten our seat belts
as we pull out the driveway
then we drive to the drive-thru
heading off to the drive-thru
we're approaching the drive-thru
getting close to the drive-thru!
almost there at the drive-thru
now we're here at the drive thru
here in line at the drive-thru
did i mention the drive-thru?
well, here we are
in the drive-thru line, me and her
cars in front of us, cars in back of us
all just waiting to order
there's some idiot in a volvo
with his brights on behind me
i lean out the window and scream
"hey! what you trying to do, blind me?"
my wife says "maybe we should park...
we could just go eat inside."
i said, "i'm wearin' bunny slippers
so i ain't leavin' this ride..."
now a woman on a speaker box
is sayin', "can i take your order, please?"
i said, "yes indeed, you certainly can
we'd like two hamburgers with onions and cheese."
then my wife says "baby, hold on—i've changed my mind!
i think i'm gonna have a chicken sandwich instead this time"
i said, "you always get a cheeseburger!"
she says, "that's not what i'm hungry for."
i put my head in my hands and scream
"i don't know who you are anymore!"
the voice on the speaker says
"i don't have all day!"
i said, "then take our order
and we'll be on our way!
i wanna get a chicken sandwich
and i want a cheeseburger, too"
she's like, "you want onions on that?"
i'm like, "yeah, i already said that i do...
plus we need curly fries
and don't you dare forget it!
and two medium root beers
no, just one—we'll split it."
then i said "i'm guessin' that
you're probably not too bright...
so read me back my order
let's make sure you got it right."
she says "one—you want a chicken sandwich
two—you want a cheeseburger
three—curly fries, and a large root beer"
"stop! don't go no further!"
"i never ordered a large root beer
i said medium, not large!"
then she says "we're havin' a special
i supersized you at no charge."
"oh." and that's all
i could say, was "oh."
and she says "now there is somethin' else
that i really think you should know
you can have unlimited refills
for just a quarter more..."
i say "great, except we're in the drive-thru...
so what would i want that for?"
then she says "wait a minute
your voice sounds so familiar ... hey, is this paul?
and my wife is all like "no, that ain't paul
now tell me, who's this paul?"
she says "oh, he's just some guy
who goes to school with me
i sat behind him last year
and i copied off of him in geometry"
i said, "i know a guy named paul
he used to be my plumber
he was prematurely bald
and he moved to pittsburgh last summer
he also had bladder problems
and a really bad infection on his toe."
and she says, "mister, please, you can stop right there
that's way more than i needed to know!"
and then we both were quiet
and things got real intense
then she says "next window, please
that'll be five dollars and eighty two cents!"
so we inched ahead in line
movin' painfully slow
i got a little bored
so i turned on the radio...
click, turned it off
because my wife was getting a headache
so we both just sat there quietly for her sake
then i looked at her
and she looked back at me
and i said "um
i think you have somethin' in your teeth."
she turned away from me
and then turned back and said "did i get it?"
i said "yeah. well, i mean, most of it...
but hey, ya know, don't sweat it."
then she said "how about now?"
i said "yeah, almost
there's still a little bit there, but don't worry
it's probably just a piece of toast."
now we're at the pay window
or whatever you call it
put my hand in my pocket
i can't believe there's no wallet!
and the lady at the window's like
"well, well, well, that'll be five eighty-two"
i turn around to my wife and say
"how much have you got on you?"
she just rolls her eyes and says
"i'll pay for this, i guess"
so she reaches into her purse
and busts out the american express
i hand it to the lady
and she says "oh, dear
it's gotta be cash only
we don't take credit cards here"
i took back the card and said
"gee, really? well, that sucks"
and that's when i found out
my wife was only carryin' three bucks
i said, "i thought you were gonna hit the atm today"
she says, "i never got around to it, so where's your wallet anyway?"
and i said, "never mind
just help me to find some change..."
now the lady at the window
is lookin' at me kind of strange...
and she says, "mister, please
we gotta move this line along"
i said, "now, hold your stinkin' horses, lady!
we won't be long"
so i looked around inside the glove-box
and checked the mat beneath my feet
i found a nickel in an ashtray
and a couple pennies and a dime in the space between the seats
before long i had a little pile
of coins of every sort
the lady counts it up and says
"you're still about a dollar short"
and now my woman's got this weird look
frozen on her face
she screams, "you know
i wasn't even really hungry in the first place!"
and so i turned around
to the cashier again
i shrugged and said, "okay
forget the chicken sandwich then"
so i pick up my change
pick up my receipt
and i drive to the pickup window
man, i just can't wait to eat
and now we see this acne-ridden
kid about sixteen
wearin' a dorky nametag that says
"hello, my name is eugene"
and he hands me a paper bag
i look him in the eyes
and i say to him, "hey, eugene
could i get some ketchup for my fries?"
well, he looks at me
and i look at him
and he looks at me
and i look at him
and he looks at me
and i look at him
and he says, "i'm sorry!
what did you want again?"
i say "ketchup!"
and he says, "oh, yeah, that's right...
i just spaced out there for a second
i'm really kind of burnt tonight."
and then he hands me the ketchup
and now we're finally drivin' away
and the food is drivin' me mad
with its intoxicating bouquet
i'm starvin' to death
by the time we pull up at the traffic light
i say "baby, gimme that burger
i just gotta have a bite!"
so she reaches in the bag
and pulls out the burger
and she hands me the burger
and i pick up the burger
and then i unwrap the paper
i bite into those buns
and i just can't believe it
they forgot the onions! 

what is this song all about?
can't figure any lyrics out
how do the words to it go
i wish you'd tell me, i don't know

don't know, don't know, don't know, oh no
don't know, don't know, don't know

now i'm mumblin', and i'm screamin'
and i don't know what i'm singin'
crank the volume, ears are bleedin'
i still don't know what i'm singin'
we're so loud and incoherent
boy, this oughta bug your parents
yeah
blergh
haai

it's unintelligible
i just can't get it through my skull
it's hard to bargle nawdle zouss
with all these marbles in my mouth
don't know, don't know, don't know, oh no
don't know, don't know, don't know

well, we don't sound like madonna
here we are now, we're nirvana
sing distinctly, we don't wanna
buy our album, we're nirvana
a garage band from seattle
well, it sure beats raisin' cattle
yeah

and i forgot the next verse
oh, well, i guess it pays to rehearse
the lyric sheet's so hard to find
what are the words? oh, never mind

don't know, don't know, don't know, oh no
don't know, don't know, don't know

well, i'm yellin', and we're playin'
but i don't know what i'm sayin'
what's the message i'm conveyin'?
can you tell me what i'm sayin'?
so, have you got some idea?
didn't think so, well, i'll see ya
sayonara, sayonara
ayonawa, hodinawa
odinaya, yodinaya
yaddayadda, yaaahyaaah
ayiyaaaaaah 

aquarius!
there's travel in your future when your tongue
freezes to the back of a speeding bus
fill that void in your pathetic life
by playing whack-a-mole seventeen hours a day
pisces!
try to avoid any virgos or leos
with the ebola virus
you are the true lord of the dance
no matter what those idiots at work say
aries!
the look on your face will be priceless
when you find that forty-pound watermelon in your colon
trade toothbrushes with an albino dwarf
then give a hickey to meryl streep
taurus!
you will never find true happiness
what you gonna do, cry about it?
the stars predict tomorrow you'll wake up
do a bunch of stuff, and then go back to sleep

that's your horoscope for today
(that's your horoscope for today)
yay, yay, yay, yay, yay
that's your horoscope for today
that's your horoscope for today
(that's your horoscope for today)
yay, yay, yay, yay, yay
that's your horoscope for today
gemini!
your birthday party will be ruined once again
by your explosive flatulence
your love life will run into trouble
when your fiance hurls a javelin through your chest
cancer!
the position of jupiter says that you should spend
the rest of the week face down in the mud
try not to shove a roll of duct tape up your nose
while taking your driver's test
leo!
now is not a good time to photocopy your butt
and staple it to your boss's face, oh no
eat a bucket of tuna-flavored pudding
then wash it down with a gallon of strawberry quik
virgo!
all virgos are extremely friendly and intelligent
except for you
expect a big surprise today
when you wind up with your head impaled upon a stick

that's your horoscope for today
(that's your horoscope for today)
yay, yay, yay, yay, yay
that's your horoscope for today
that's your horoscope for today
(that's your horoscope for today)
yay, yay, yay, yay, yay
that's your horoscope for today
now you may find it inconceivable
or at the very least a bit unlikely
that the relative position of the planets
and the stars could have a special deep significance
or meaning that exclusively applies to only you
but let me give you my assurance
that these forecasts and predictions
are all based on solid, scientific, documented evidence
so you would have to be some kind of moron not to realize
that every single one of them is absolutely true
where was i?

libra!
a big promotion is just around the corner
for someone much more talented than you
laughter is the very best medicine
remember that when your appendix bursts next week
scorpio!
get ready for an unexpected trip
when you fall screaming from an open window
work a little bit harder on improving your low self-esteem
you stupid freak
sagittarius!
all your friends are laughing behind your back
(kill them)
take down all those naked pictures of ernest borgnine
you've got hanging in your den
capricorn!
the stars say that you're an exciting and wonderful person
but you know they're lying
if i were you, i'd lock my doors and windows
and never, never, never, never, never leave my house again

that's your horoscope for today
(that's your horoscope for today)
yay, yay, yay, yay, yay
that's your horoscope for today
that's your horoscope for today
(that's your horoscope for today)
yay, yay, yay, yay, yay
that's your horoscope for today
that's your horoscope for today
(that's your horoscope for today)
yay, yay, yay, yay, yay
that's your horoscope for today
that's your horoscope for today
(that's your horoscope for today)
yay, yay, yay, yay, yay
that's your horoscope for today 

how does a bastard, orphan, son of a whore and a
scotsman, dropped in the middle of a forgotten
spot in the caribbean by providence, impoverished, in squalor
grow up to be a hero and a scholar?
the ten-dollar founding father without a father
got a lot farther by working a lot harder
by being a lot smarter, by being a self-starter
by fourteen, they placed him in charge of the trading charter
alexander hamilton
my name is alexander hamilton
and there's a million things i haven't done
but just you wait, just you wait

wait for it
wait for it
wait for it
wait for it
i am the one thing in life i can control
wait for it
wait for it
wait for it
wait for it
i am inimitable
i am an original
and if there's a reason i'm still alive
when so many have died
then i'm willin' to—
i'm willing to
work, work!
angelica!
work, work!
eliza!
and peggy—
look around, at how lucky we are to be alive right now!
history is happening in manhattan and we just happen to be
in the greatest city
in the greatest city in the world!

the world turned upside down
the world turned upside down
the world turned upside down
the world turned upside down (down, down, down, down)
yeah, you'll blow us all away

oceans rise, empires fall
we have seen each other through it all
and when push comes to shove
i will send a fully armed battalion to remind you of my love!
da da da dat da dat da da da da ya da
da da dat dat da da ya da!
no one else was in
the room where it happened
the room where it happened
the room where it happened
no one else was in
the room where it happened
the room where it happened
the room where it happened
no one really knows how the game is played
the art of the trade
how the sausage gets made
we just assume that it happens
but no one else is in the room where it happens

we are outgunned (what?)
outmanned (what?)
outnumbered
outplanned
we gotta make an all out stand
ayo, i'm gonna need a right-hand man

hamilton!
sir, he knows what to do in a trench
ingenuitive and fluent in french, i mean—
hamilton!
sir, you're gonna have to use him eventually
what's he gonna do on the bench? i mean—
hamilton!
no one has more resilience
or matches my practical tactical brilliance—
hamilton!
you wanna fight for your land back?
hamilton!
i need my right-hand man back!
uh, get ya right-hand man back
you know you gotta get ya right-hand man back
i mean you gotta put some thought into the letter
but the sooner the better to get your right-hand man back!
it must be nice, it must be nice
to have washington on your side
it must be nice, it must be nice
to have washington on your side
look back at the bill of rights (which i wrote!)
the ink hasn't dried
it must be nice, it must be nice
to have washington on your side—
somebody has to stand up for the south!
somebody has to stand up to his mouth!
if there's a fire you're trying to douse
you can't put it out from inside the house
i'm in the cabinet, i am complicit in
watching him grabbin' at power and kiss it
if washington isn't gon' listen
to disciplined dissidents, this is the difference:
this kid is out

in new york you can be a new man
how do you write like you're running out of time?
write day and night like you're running out of time?
ev'ry day you fight like you're running out of time
like you're running out of time
are you running out of time?

let me tell you what i wish i'd known
when i was young and dreamed of glory
you have no control
who lives, who dies, who tells your story
i know that we can win
i know that greatness lies in you
but remember from here on in
history has its eyes on you (whoa…)

and i am not throwing away my shot
i am not throwing away my shot
hey yo, i'm just like my country
i'm young, scrappy and hungry
and i'm not throwing away my shot
we gonna rise up, time to take a shot (not throwing away my shot)
we gonna rise up, time to take a shot (not throwing away my shot)
we're gonna rise up, rise up! (it's time to take a shot!)
rise up, rise up!
and i am not throwing away my
not throwing away my shot

there's a million things i haven't done
but just you wait (just wait)
what's your name, man?
alexander (hamilton)
alexander (hamilton)
alexander (hamilton)
alexander 

i never seem to finish all my food
i always get a doggie bag from the waiter
so i just keep what's still unchewed
and i take it home, save it for later

but then i deal with fungal rot, bacterial formation
microbes, enzymes, mold and oxidation
i don't care; i've got a secret trick up my sleeve
i never bother with baggies, glass jars, tupperware containers
plastic cling wrap, really a no-brainer
i just like to keep all my flavours sealed in tight

with aluminum foil (foil)
never settle for less
that kind of wrap is just the best
to keep your sandwich nice and fresh
stick it in your cooler (cooler)
eat it when you're ready
but maybe you'll choose (you'll choose, you'll choose, you'll choose)
a refreshing herbal tea
mmm, lovely!
oh, by the way, i've cracked the code
i've figured out these shadow organizations
and the illuminati know
that they're finally primed for world domination

and soon you've got black helicopters comin' cross the border
puppet masters for the new world order
be aware: there's always someone that's watching you
and still the government won't admit they faked the whole moon landing
thought control rays, psychotronic scanning
don't mind that, i'm protected 'cause i made this hat

from aluminum foil (foil)
wear a hat that's foil lined
in case an alien's inclined
to probe your butt or read your mind
looks a bit peculiar ('culiar)
seems a little crazy
but someday i'll prove (i'll prove, i'll prove, i'll prove)
there's a big conspiracy 

nothin' ever (ever) happens in this town
feelin' low down (down), not a lot to do around here
i thought that i would go right out of my mind
until a friend told me the news
he said, "hey, you know that vacant lot
right beside the gas station? well, somebody bought it
and on that spot they're gonna build a shop
where we can go buy bolts and screws"
since then i've been walking on air (air)
i can barely brush my teeth or comb my hair
cause i'm so excited and i really don't care
i've been waiting since last june
for this day to finally arrive
i'm so happy (happy) now just to be alive
cause any minute now i'm gonna be inside
well, i hope they open soon

i can't wait, (no i) i can't wait (oh when)
when are they gonna open up that door?
i'm goin' (yes i'm) goin', i'm a-goin' to the
goin' to the (hard) ware i'm goin', really goin' to the
goin' (hard) i'm goin' to the (hard) oh yes, i'm goin' to the
hardware store
in my sleeping bag i camped out overnight
right in front of the store, then as soon as it was light out
i pressed my nose right up against the glass
you know, i had to be first in line
gonna get me a flashlight and a broom
want a pair of pliers for every single room of my house
see those hacksaws? very, very soon
one of them will be all mine
guys with nametags walking down the aisles
rows of garden hoses that go on for miles and miles
brand new socket wrenches in a plethora of styles
all arranged alphabetically
and they're doing a promotional stunt
there's a great big purple sign out front
that says every 27th customer
will get a ball peen hammer free

i can't wait, (no i) i can't wait (oh when)
when are they gonna open up that door?
i'm goin' (yes i'm) goin', i'm a-goin' to the
goin' to the (hard) ware i'm goin', really goin' to the
goin' (hard) i'm goin' to the (hard) oh yes, i'm goin' to the
hardware store
i'm goin' (yes i'm) goin', i'm a-goin' to the
goin' to the (hard) ware i'm goin', really goin' to the
goin' (hard) i'm goin' to the (hard) oh yes, i'm goin' to the
hardware store

would you look at all that stuff ...
they've got allen wrenches, gerbil feeders, toilet seats, electric heaters
trash compactors, juice extractors, shower rods and water meters
walkie-talkies, copper wires safety goggles, radial tires
bb pellets, rubber mallets, fans and dehumidifiers
picture hangers, paper cutters, waffle irons, window shutters
paint removers, window louvers, masking tape and plastic gutters
kitchen faucets, folding tables, weather stripping, jumper cables
hooks and tackle, grout and spackle, power foggers, spoons and ladles
pesticides for fumigation, high-performance lubrication
metal roofing, waterproofing, multi-purpose insulation
air compressors, brass connectors, wrecking chisels, smoke detectors
tire gauges, hamster cages, thermostats and bug deflectors
trailer hitch demagnetizers, automatic circumcisers
tennis rackets, angle brackets, duracells and energizers
soffit panels, circuit breakers, vacuum cleaners, coffee makers
calculators, generators, matching salt and pepper shakers

i can't wait, (no i) i can't wait (oh when)
when are they gonna open up that door?
i'm goin' (yes i'm) goin', i'm a-goin' to the
goin' to the (hard) ware i'm goin', really goin' to the
goin' (hard) i'm goin' to the (hard) oh yes, i'm goin' to the
hardware store
i'm goin' (yes i'm) goin', i'm a-goin' to the
goin' to the (hard) ware i'm goin', really goin' to the
goin' (hard) i'm goin' to the (hard) oh yes, i'm goin' to the
hardware store
i'm goin' (yes i'm) goin', i'm a-goin' to the
goin' to the (hard) ware i'm goin', really goin' to the
goin' (hard) i'm goin' to the (hard) oh yes, i'm goin' to the
hardware store 

i, man, am regal, a german am i
never odd or even
if i had a hi-fi
madam, i'm adam
too hot to hoot
no lemons no melon
too bad i hid a boot
lisa bonet ate no basil
warsaw was raw
was it a car or a cat i saw?
rise to vote, sir
do geese see god?
do nine men interpret? nine men i nod
rats live on no evil star
won't lovers revolt now?
race fast safe car
pa's a sap
ma is as selfless as i am
may a moody baby doom a yam

ah satan sees natasha
no devil lived on
lonely tylenol
not a banana baton
no x in nixon
o stone, be not so
o geronimo, no minor ego
"naomi" i moan
a toyota's a toyota
a dog, a panic, in a pagoda
oh no, don ho
nurse, i spy gypsies, run!
senile felines
now i see bees, i won
ufo tofu
we panic in a pew
oozy rat in a sanitary zoo
god, a red nugget, a fat egg under a dog
go hang a salami, i'm a lasagna hog 

look, if you had, one shot
to sit on your lazy butt, and watch all the tv you ever wanted
until your brain turned to mush, would you go for it
or just let it slip?
yo

remote is ready, eyes wide, palms are sweaty
there's flintstones on the tv already, wilma and betty
no virgin to channel surfin', and i'm hd ready
so i flip, garbage is all i'm getting
there's simon cowell, who folks wanna disembowel
he opens his mouth, always says something foul
they're dying wow, wannabes are crying now
he votes 'em out, time to throw in the towel
shows based on reality, oh the humanity
oh, ozzy's family sure loves profanity
woah, the insanity, oh, dogs that crap and pee
home of depravity? no, they live happily
yo, plus da ali g show, and celebrity mole
oh there's anna nicole, she's scarin' me
look, ma — no cavities! oh, it's a station break
better go out to the kitchen and microwave something

you're gonna lose your mind watching tv
they told me, they'd scold me, but i'd still tune into every show
my cable gets c-span, tvland, and hbo
the travel channel, discovery and lifetime
you're gonna lose your mind watching tv
they told me, cajoled me, "turn off those music videos!"
i'm gonna watch c-span, tvland, and hbo
the history channel, and qvc, and lifetime
you're gonna...
my butt is aching, as i watch nascar racing
that show about undertaking, larry king
to 24, to law & order
the weather channel's boring like 60 minutes
ancient reporters, next up on e! true hollywood story
the rise and decline of twelve actors named corey
shows for next fall, they've already been namin'
csi: boise, and touched by an uncle
both sound pretty lame, and
so does everybody tolerates raymond
and king of queens jumped the shark the first minute
i can't believe richard simmons ain't in it
i move right on to 8 simple rules for dating my teenage daughter
then i bet i watch the bachelorette
followed by welcome back, kotter
and the muppet show where they go "mahna mahna"

you're gonna lose your mind watching tv
they told me, they'd scold me, but i'd still tune into every show (oh)
my cable gets c-span, tvland, and hbo
the disney channel and a&e and lifetime
you're gonna lose your mind watching tv
they told me, cajoled me, but i still love lisa kudrow (oh)
i'm lookin at c-span, tvland, and hbo
the playboy channel, and court tv, and lifetime
you're gonna...
never miss melrose place or lost in space
i've seen each amazing race and without a trace
but i only watched will & grace, one time, one day
wish i hadn't, 'cause tivo now thinks i'm gay
oh, and fear factor, i watched maybe a half hour
after that, felt like i needed a long shower
network execs with naked ambition
next week on fox watch lions eat christians
like to tie up those programming planners
make them watch all that junk until their heads explode just like scanners
leech-covered, grub-eating fools on survivor
look, there's james lipton discussing the oeuvre
of mr. rob schneider
and there's gilligan and spongebob
plus there's macgyver
and jay leno has got madonna
hey, there's luke perry
and a special all pig latin episode of drew carey
wanna turn on et
'cause i'm a gossip freak
and i gotta know who j-lo is marrying this week
a 30-second spot
welcome back to are you hot?
i was planning on recording the sopranos — i forgot
i love shows with or without a plot
i'll stare 'til my legs are numb, my eyes bloodshot
because i only have got one brain to rot
i'm gonna spend my life watching television a lot
you're gonna lose your mind watching tv
they told me, they'd scold me, but i still tune into every show (oh)
my cable gets c-span, tvland, and hbo
the sci-fi channel and amc and lifetime
you're gonna lose your mind watching tv
they told me, cajoled me, turn off that oprah winfrey show (oh)
i got it on c-span, tvland, and hbo
the learning channel and mtv and lifetime
you're gonna...

you can watch anything you want to, man 

yeah

a used pink bathrobe
a rare mint snowglobe
a smurf tv tray
i bought on ebay
my house is filled with
this crap shows up in
bubble wrap, most every day
what i bought on ebay

tell me why
i need another pet rock
tell me why
i got that alf alarm clock
tell me why
i bid on shatner's old toupee
they had it on ebay

i'll buy your knick-knack
just check my feedback
"a++!" they all say
they love me on ebay
gonna buy
a slightly-damaged golf bag
gonna buy
some beanie babies, new with tag
from some guy
i've never met in norway
found him on ebay

i am the type who is liable to snipe you
with two seconds left to go, whoa
got paypal or visa, what ever'll please ya
as long as i've got the dough

i'll buy your tchotchkes
sell me your watch, please
i'll buy (i'll buy, i'll buy, i'll buy)

i'm highest bidder!
junk keeps arriving in the mail
from that worldwide garage sale (dukes of hazard ashtray)
hey! a dukes of hazard ashtray (oh yeah)
i bought it on ebay
wanna buy
a pac man fever lunchbox
wanna buy
a case of vintage tube socks
wanna to buy
(a kleenex used by dr. dre, dr. dre)
found it on ebay
want to buy
that farrah fawcet poster
pez dispensers (and a toaster)
don't know why
the kind of stuff you'd throw away
i'll buy on ebay

what i bought on ebay 

i moved out to langley recently
with a plain and simple dream;
wanna infiltrate some third-world place
and topple their regime
those men in black with their matching suitcases;
where everything's on a need-to-know basis;
agents got that swagger;
everyone's so cloak and dagger
i'm feelin' nervous but i'm really kinda wishing
for an undercover mission
that's when the red alert came on the radio
and i put my earpiece on!
got my dark sunglasses on!
and i had my weapon drawn!
so i get my handcuffs
my cyanide pills
my classified dossier!
tappin' the phones like yeah, shreddin' the files like yeah
memorized all the enemy spies i've got to neutralize today

yeeeaaahhh, it's a party in the cia!
yeeeaaahhh, it's a party in the cia!
i've done a couple of crazy things that have almost gotten me dismissed
like terminate some head of state who wasn't even on my list
burn that microfilm buddy, will you
i'd tell you why but then i'd have to kill you!
you need a quickie confession?
well, start a waterboardin' session!
no hurry on this south american dictator
i'll assassinate him later
that's when he walked right in my laser sights
and my silencer was on
and my silencer was on
and another target's gone!
yeah, we've got our black ops all over the world, from kazakhstan to bombay;
payin' the bribes like yeah, pluggin' the leaks like yeah;
interrogating the scum of the earth, we'll break them by the break of day!

need a country destabilized?
look no further, we're your guys!
we've got snazzy suits and ties
and a better dental plan than the fbi's!
better put your hands up and get in the van
or else you'll get blown away!
stagin' a coup like yeah
brainwashin' moles like yeah
we only torture the folks we don't like
you're probably gonna be ok!
 

how come you're always such a fussy young man
don't want no cap'n crunch, don't want no raisin bran
well don't you know that other kids are starvin' in japan
so eat it, just eat it
don't want to argue, i don't want to debate
don't want to hear about what kinds of foods you hate
you won't get no dessert 'till you clean off your plate
so eat it, don't you tell me you're full

just eat it, eat it
get yourself an egg and beat it
have some more chicken
have some more pie
it doesn't matter
if it's boiled or fried
just eat it, just eat it
just eat it, just eat it, woo!

your table manners are a crying shame
you're playing with your food, this ain't some kind of game
now, if you starve to death you'll just have yourself to blame
so eat it, just eat it
you better listen, better do as you're told
you haven't even touched your tuna casserole
you better chow down, or it's gonna get cold
so eat it, i don't care if you're full
just eat it, eat it
open up your mouth and feed it
have some more yogurt
have some more spam
it doesn't matter if it's fresh or canned
just eat it! eat it! eat it! eat it!
don't you make me repeat it!
have a banana, have a whole bunch
it doesn't matter what you had for lunch
just eat it! eat it!
eat it! eat it!


eat it! eat it!
if it's getting cold, reheat it
have a big dinner
have a light snack
if you don't like it, you can't send it back
just eat it! eat it!
get yourself an egg and beat it!
have some more chicken. have some more pie
it doesn't matter if it's boiled or fried
just eat it! eat it!
don't you make me repeat it! 

veren zol fun dir a blintse
how ya doin', bernie? (oy vey! oy vey!)
how ya doin', bernie? (oy vey! oy vey!)
how ya doin', bernie? (oy vey! oy vey!)
and all the goyim say i'm pretty fly for a rabbi
meccha leccha hi, meccha hiney hiney ho

our temple's had a fair share of rabbis in the past
but most of 'em were nudniks, and none of them would last
but our new guy's real kosher, i think he'll do the trick
i tell ya, he's to die for! he really knows his shtick!

so how's by you?
have you seen this jew?
reads the torah
does his own accounting, too!
working like a dog at the synagogue
he's there all day, he's there all day
just say "vey iz mir!" and he'll kick into gear
he'll bring you lots of cheer
and maybe bagels with some shmeer
so grab your yarmulke
and hey, hey! do that hebrew thing!
how ya doin', bernie? (oy vey! oy vey!)
how ya doin', bernie? (oy vey! oy vey!)
how ya doin', bernie? (oy vey! oy vey!)
and all the goyim say i'm pretty fly for a rabbi

he shops at discount stores, not just any will suffice
he has to find a bargain, ’cause he won't pay retail price
he never acts meshugga and he's hardly a schlemiel
but if you wanna haggle, oy, he'll make you such a deal!

people used to scoff, now they say "mazel tov!"
he's such a macher ’cause he works his tuchis off
yeah, he keeps his cool
and teaches shul
what's not to like? what's not to like?
on high holy days, you know he prays and prays
and he never eats pastrami on white bread with mayonnaise
put on your yarmulke
and hey, hey! do that hebrew thing!

when he's doing a bar mitzvah, now that you shouldn't miss
he'll always shlep on down for a wedding or a briss
they say he's got a lot of chutzpah, he's really quite hhhip
the parents pay the moyl and he gets to the keep the tip!
how ya doin', bernie? (oy vey! oy vey!)
how ya doin', bernie? (oy vey! oy vey!)
how ya doin', bernie? (oy vey! oy vey!)
and all the goyim say i'm pretty fly for a rabbi
meccha leccha hi, meccha meccha cholly ho

he's doing well! i gotta kvell!
the yentas love him, even shiksas think he's swell
shows up at his home and says, "shalom!"
and "have some cake!  you want some cake?"
yeah, he calls the shots
we really love him lots!
oy gevalt, i'm so ferklempt that i could plotz
so grab your yarmulke
the one you got for hanukkah
let's put on our yarmulkes
and hey, hey! do that hebrew thing! 

i met him in a swamp down in dagobah
where it bubbles all the time like a giant carbonated soda
s-o-d-a, soda
i saw the little runt sitting there on a log
i asked him his name and in a raspy voice he said, "yoda"
y-o-d-a, yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda

well, i've been around, but i ain't never seen
a guy who looks like a muppet, but he's wrinkled and green
oh, my yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda
well, i'm not dumb, but i can't understand
how he can lift me in the air just by raising his hand
oh, my yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda

well i left home just a week before
and i've never, ever been a jedi before
but obi-wan, he set me straight, of course
he said, "go to yoda and he'll show you the force"
well i'm not the kind that would argue with ben
so it looks like i'm gonna start all over again
with my yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda

yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda

so, i used the force
i picked up a box
i lifted some rocks
while i stood on my head
well, i won't forget what yoda said

he said, "luke, stay away from the darker side
and if you start to go astray, let the force be your guide"
oh, my yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda
"i know darth vader's really got you annoyed
but remember, if you kill him, then you'll be unemployed"
oh, my yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda
well, i heard my friends really got in a mess
so i'm gonna have to leave yoda, i guess
but i know that i'll be coming back someday
i'll be playing this part till i'm old and grey
the long-term contract i had to sign
says i'll be making these movies till the end of time
with my yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda

yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda
yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda
yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda
yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda
yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda
yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda
yo-yo-yo-yo-yoda
yoda 

it's all about the pentiums, baby
uhh, uh-huh, yeah
uhh, uh-huh, yeah
it's all about the pentiums, baby
it's all about the pentiums, baby
it's all about the pentiums!
it's all about the pentiums!
(yeah!!)
what y'all wanna do?
wanna be hackers? code crackers? slackers
wastin' time with all the chatroom yakkers?
9 to 5, chillin' at hewlett packard?
workin' at a desk with a dumb little placard?
yeah, payin' the bills with my mad programming skills
defraggin' my hard drive for thrills
i got me a hundred gigabytes of ram
i never feed trolls and i don't read spam
installed a t1 line in my house
always at my pc, double-clickin' on my mizouse
upgrade my system at least twice a day
i'm strictly plug-and-play, i ain't afraid of y2k
i'm down with bill gates, i call him money for short
i phone him up at home and i make him do my tech support
it's all about the pentiums, what?
you gotta be the dumbest newbie i've ever seen
you've got white-out all over your screen
you think your commodore 64 is really neato
what kinda chip you got in there, a dorito?
you're usin' a 286? don't make me laugh
your windows boots up in what, a day and a half?
you could back up your whole hard drive on a floppy diskette
you're the biggest joke on the internet
your database is a disaster
you're waxin' your modem, tryin' to make it go faster
hey fella, i bet you're still livin' in your parents' cellar
downloadin' pictures of sarah michelle gellar
and postin' "me too!" like some brain-dead aol-er
i should do the world a favor and cap you like old yeller
you're just about as useless as jpegs to helen keller
it's all about the pentiums!
it's all about the pentiums!
it's all about the pentiums!
it's all about the pentiums!
now, what y'all wanna do?
wanna be hackers? code crackers? slackers
wastin' time with all the chatroom yakkers?
9 to 5, chillin' at hewlett packard?
uh, uh, loggin' in now
wanna run wit my crew, hah?
rule cyberspace and crunch numbers like i do?
they call me the king of the spreadsheets
got'em all printed out on my bedsheets
my new computer's got the clocks, it rocks
but it was obsolete before i opened the box
you say you've had your desktop for over a week?
throw that junk away, man, it's an antique!
your laptop is a month old? well, that's great
if you could use a nice, heavy paperweight
my digital media is write-protected
every file inspected, no viruses detected
i beta tested every operating system
gave props to some, and others? i dissed'em
while your computer's crashin', mine's multitaskin'
it does all my work without me even askin'
got a flat-screen monitor, 40" wide
i believe that yours says, "etch-a-sketch" on the side
in a 32-bit world, you're a 2-bit user
you've got your own newsgroup, alt.total-loser
your motherboard melts when you try to send a fax
where'd you get your cpu, in a box of cracker jacks?
play me online? well, you know that i'll beat you
if i ever meet you i'll control-alt-delete you
what?
it's all about the pentiums!
it's all about the pentiums!
it's all about the pentiums!
it's all about the pentiums!
what y'all wanna do?
wanna be hackers? code crackers? slackers
wastin' time with all the chatroom yakkers?
9 to 5, chillin' at hewlett packard?
what? 