yo iz, let's do this

i am a nightmare walkin', psychopath talkin'
king of my jungle, just a gangster stalkin'
livin' life like a firecracker, quick is my fuse
vendettas of death back; the colors i choose
red or blue, cuz or blood, it just don't matter
sucka dive for your life when my shotgun scatters
the gangs of l.a. will never die - just multiply

you see they hit us then we hit them
then we hit them and they hit us, man
it's like a war, ya know what i'm sayin'
people don't even understand
they don't even know what they dealing with
you wanna get rid of the gangs it's gonna take a lotta work
but people don't understand the size of this
this is no joke man, this is real

you don't know me, fool
you disown me, cool
i don't need your assistance, social persistence
any problem i got i just put my fist in
my life is violent but violent is life
peace is a dream, reality is a knife
my colors, my honor, my colors, my all
with my colors upon me one soldier stands tall
tell me what have you left me, what have i got?
last night in cold blood my young brother got shot
my homeboy got jacked
my mother's on crack
my sister can't work cause her arms show tracks
madness insanity, live in profanity
then some punk claimin' they're understandin' me
give me a break, what world do you live in
death is my set, guess my religion

yo my brother was a gang banger
and all my homeboys bang
i don't know why i do it man, i just do it
i never had much of nothing man
look at you man, you've got everything going for yourself
and i ain't got nothing man, i've got nothing
i'm living in the ghetto man
just look at me man, look at me

my pants are saggin', braided hair
suckas stare but i don't care
my game ain't knowledge, my game's fear
i've no remorse so squares beware
but my true mission is just revenge
you ain't in my set, you ain't my friend
wear the wrong color your life could end
homicide's my favorite binge

listen to me man
no matter whatcha do don't ever join a gang
you don't wanna be in it man
you're just gonna end up in a mix of dead friends and time in jail
i know, if i had a chance like you
i would never be in a gang man
but i didn't have a chance
you know i wish i did

i'll just walk like a giant, police defiant
you'll say to stop but i'll say that i can't
my gang's my family, it's all that i have
i'm a star, on the walls is my autograph
you don't like it, so you know where you can go
cause the streets are my stage and terror's my show
psycho-analyze tried diagnosin' me, why?
it wasn't your brother that brutally died
but it was mine, so let me define
my territory; don't cross the line
don't try to act crazy cause that shit don't faze me
if you ran like a punk, it wouldn't amaze me
cause my colors death
though we all want peace
but our war won't end
'till all wars cease

see the wars of the street gangs will always get to me, man
but i don't wanna be down with this situation man
but i'm in here, if i had something better to do i think i'd do it but right now, i'm just down here boy
i'm trying to get money cause i'm smart
i'm gonna get paid while i'm out here
i'm gonna get that paper, ya know what i'm saying
if i had a chance like you
maybe i would be in school
but i'm not, i'm out here living day to day surviving
and i'm willing to die for my colors

yo, please stop cause i want y'all to live
this is ice-t, peace

6 in the morning, police at my door
fresh adidas squeak across the bathroom floor
out my back window i make my escape
didn't even get a chance to grab my old school tape
mad with no music, but happy 'cause free
and the streets to a player is the place to be
got a knot in my pocket, weighing at least a grand
gold on my neck, my pistols close at hand
i'm a self-made monster of the city streets
remotely controlled by hard hip-hop beats
but just living in the city is a serious task
didn't know what the cops wanted, didn't have time to ask

word

seen my homeboys cooling way, way out
told 'em 'bout my morning cold bugged 'em out
shot a little dice till my knees got sore
kicked around some stories 'bout the night before
posse to the corner where the fly girls chill
threw action at some freaks until one bitch got ill
she started acting silly, simply would not quit
called us all punk pussies, said we all weren't shit
as we walked over to her, ho continued to speak
so we beat the bitch down in the goddamn street
but just living in the city is a serious task
bitch didn't know what hit her, didn't have time to ask

word

continued clocking freaks with immense posterior
rolling in a blazer with a louis interior
solid gold, the ride was raw, bust a left turn was on crenshaw
sean-e-sean was the driver, known to give freaks hell
had a beeper goin' off like a high school bell
looked in the mirror, what did we see?
fucking blue lights: l.a.p.d
pigs searched our car, their day was made
found an uzi, .44 and a hand grenade
threw me in the county high-power block
no freaks to see, no beats to rock
didn't want trouble but the shit must fly
squabbled with this sucker, shanked him in the eye
but just living in the county is a serious task
nigga didn't know what happened, didn't have time to ask


back on the streets after five and a deuce
seven years later, but still had the juice
my homeboy hen gee put me up the track
told me e's rolling villain, bj's got the sack
bruce is a giant - nat c's clocking dough
be-bop's a pimp, my old freak's a ho
the batter rams rolling, rocks are the thing
life has no meaning and money is king
then he looked at me slowly and hen had to grin
he said, "man, you out early, we thought you got ten"
opened his safe, kicked me down with cold cash
knew i would get busy, he didn't waste time to ask


i bought a benz with the money, the rest went on clothes
went to the strip, started pimping the hoes
my hair had grew long on my seven year stay
and when i got it done, on my shoulders it lay
hard from the joint, but fly to my heart
i didn't want trouble, but the shit had to start
out with my crew, some punks got loud
shotgun blasts echoed through the crowd
six punks hit, two punks died
all causalities was applied to their side
human lives has to pass just for talking much trash
we didn't know who they were, no one had the time to ask


swat-team leader yelled, "hit the floor"
reached in my pocket, pulled my .44
dove across the room, peeped out the window
twenty cops jumped behind a pinto
out the backdoor like some damn track stars
broke down an alley, jumped into a car
suckers didn't even see us, they musta been blind
black wire touched red, the car was mine
we hadn't done nothing but some suckers got shot
hit the first turn, goddamn road block
broke through the block and we did it fast
cops wouldn't shot us on sight, they wouldn't took time to ask


the rollers gave chase at a serious speed
one more conviction was all i need
this shit was for real, it was no la-di-da-di
'cause the boys had to pin the shit on somebody
and me and my crew, we were known to get ill
we carried heat for protection but not to kill
we bust a corner doing 60, one police car spun
and all i was thinking was, murder one
bust a move into an alley and did it right
and me and my crew, we're gone into the night
broke to my old lady's who drew me a bath
she didn't even know what happened, didn't care, didn't ask


we made love like crazy on top of the sheets
this girlie was my worlie, a natural freak
she ran her tongue over each and every part of me
then she rocked my amadeus while i watched tv
a technician with a mission, that's what she was
if there had been a crowd she would've got an applause
this girl did everything on earth to me that could be done
then she backed off and teased me so i couldn't cum
then she cold got stupid, pushed me on the floor
had me begging to stop as i was screaming for more
after she waxed my body, she let me crash
she knew her loving was def, she didn't waste time to ask


up the next morning, feeling good as hell
sleeping with a girlie sure beats a cell
hit the boulevard in my a.m.g
ho's catching whiplash, trying to glimpse the t
ring on my mobile, yes, cellular
got to have a phone when i'm in my car
was my homeboy red, some say he's insane
broke his bitch jaw for smoking 'caine
told me to meet him at the airport
said he's jumping bail, said he just left court
caught the first thing smoking in a serious dash
didn't know where we were going, didn't care, didn't ask


fell asleep on the plane and so did he, woke up chilling in n.y.c
called up my posse when i got there
hit the latin quarter and union square
rooftop devil's nest, the rest we passed
back-door'd the palladium just for class
about 4 a.m. we crashed the deuce
we never catch static 'cause my boys got juice
deuced it to the bronx to rest our heads
where a shoot-out jumped off, nine people lay dead
it sounded like it happened with a mac-10 blast
but it was 6 in the morning, we didn't wake up to ask

yeah, last year a lot of motherfuckers asked me
why i didn't do no old sex nasty shit
but this year i went down to miami and got my nigga from 2 live
brother marquis in the house! (yeah i'm the motherfuckin nigga)
yeah, we gonna answer the question about girl problems
all these niggas is havin girl problem, marq
(huh, tell them man, tell them how it is)
lemme tell you what time is it..
i got a ho from the east, got a ho from the west
got a ho that likes to jack it off and rub it in her chest
i got a ho from the north, a ho from the south
a ho that likes to suck it long and hold it in her mouth
i got a bitch with hair, a bitch with none
a bitch with a knife, a bitch with a gun
a bitch with a ass big as a tv set
and there's a bitch over there; hey, the one i'm gonna get
but yo but maybe not, she might not like me though
no sweat to a vet; i'll slam her sister, though
word, ice in the whole damn herd
i fuck 'em all and leave 'em on the curve
i got a bitch with a mink, who rocks a fat gold link
who likes to fuck me with her ass up on the kitchen sink
got a bitch with tits, a bitch with ass
a bitch with none, but hey, i'd give her a pass
and i love 'em all, i love 'em crazily
and they love me back - that's why they stay with me
so if you having girl problems, i feel bad for you son
got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one - hit it

nah, a bitch ain't one

i got a bitch that's old, a bitch that's new
a bitch who love velvet in the colors blue
i got a bitch who's fat, a bitch who's built
a bitch who all her titties give out powdered milk
i got a bitch who's funny, a bitch who ain't
a bitch who can sing, a bitch who cain't
a bitch who loves fucking on a airplane..
i even got a bitch off soul train
i got a bitch who rolls a rag-top benz
long ends
i got a bitch who's broke as a bum
but she's the most fun
i got a bitch who play piano, a bitch who don't
a bitch who dances naked, a bitch who won't
a bitch who's short, a bitch who's tall
a bitch who burns my pager with priority calls
and i love 'em all, i love 'em crazily
and they love me back - that's why they stay with me
so if you're having girl problems, i feel bad for you son
got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one - hit me

yo marquis - you from miami man why don't you show these motherfuckers all the over the world
the 2 live style of how the bitches treat a mothafuckin' fly nigga like you

i got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one of them
i don't trip on hoes, cause i don't need none of them
pussy's the temptation, dick's the persuasion
all hoes suck cock nigga how you play 'em?
that's why i don't sleep on 'em, i just freak on 'em
stick dick in they mouth; take it out and i skeet on 'em
the nigga the one-nighter, the bitch exciter
i only love my hoes when i'm going up inside her
problem number one is getting money
i'd rather taste the green than sip the honey
so don't expect nothing cause i ain't offering
i go hard on my bitches, cause i'm never never softening
putting the demand on 'em, fuck 'em and scram on 'em
the "wham, bam, thank you ma'am" game is ran on 'em
so fuck how you feel, your fucking cheap thrill
i hope you took the pill cause i won't pay the bill
getting pussy's just another expense
if pussy pays the bills then dick pays the rent
i only need a ho for one thing and that's to cum
i've got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one


ha! yo marquis my motherfucker you got problems man?
(a bitch ain't one) aww shit!
now let me tell you how to do this shit
 i got a bitch that loves to g
 she'll fuck you right after she fucks me
 i got a bitch who loves both
 i got a bitch who loves handcuffs and ropes
 i got a bitch that's fast, a bitch that's slow
 a bitch that's a virgin and a bitch that's a ho
 a bitch that lies
 a bitch that's true
 a bitch who's a man because they're "bitches 2"
 i got a bitch that's cool
 a bitch that's hot
 a bitch who loves rap, a bitch who loves rock
 a bitch who's lost and one who knows where it's at
 she gets up under me and purrs like a cat
 i got a bitch that runs, i got a bitch that walks
 i got a bitch that yells, i got a bitch who talks
 i got a bitch that's dirty, got a bitch that's neat
 i got a super fine bitch that i knocked in the swap meet

and i love 'em all, i love 'em crazily
and they love me back - that's why they stay with me
so if you having girl problems, i feel bad for you son
i got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one - hit me...
no, a bitch ain't one

huh, you know a bitch ain't one

youknahmsayin? i got problems with my mothafuckin' rent marquis
but a bitch ain't one
man you got yourself nothing man
fuck them raggedy stank-ass hoes nigga
a bitch ain't one
i got a problems staying out here on these streets
with the police trying to take a nigga out, y'know?
but a bitch ain't one
got problems with motherfuckers.. buying my records
but a bitch ain't one
fuck 'em all, nigga fuck them motherfuckers
youknahmsayin? a bitch ain't one
got problems man
all them motherfuckers can kiss my mothafuckin' ass.. for real
really, niggas worrying about bitches
they better, they better find something else to worry about

yo what's up man, i need to get high man
i need to get hold of some big time dope man
you know where i can get a ki?
i know where you can get an lp
lp, man? have you went crazy man?
i'm talking about some dope man
i need to get high right now man
why don't you hook me up with a 5-o?
i can hook you up with a 12 inch
12 inch? man have you went crazy?
you don't even know what time it is
out here on the streets and don't know what time it is
man youse a fool
yo homeboy you a fool
you don't know what time it is
out here, messing up your mind
you know what i'm sayin'?
this is ice-t talkin' to you boy
i'mma tell you what time it is

yo, it's time for me to pump the volume
no problem, the record's revolvin'
evil's the mixer, i'm the rap trickster
paparazzi on the bum rush for pictures
ice, coolin', yo colder than ever
punk executioner e, pull the lever
rotate the wax then cut an' axe the tracks
push up the levels till the red lights max
don't try to size up, you better wise up
to the rap criminals, we're succeeded
dope beats and lyrics, no beepers needed
for this drug deal, i'm the big wheel
the dope i'm sellin', you don't smoke, you feel
out on the dance floor, on my world tour
i'm sellin' dope in each and every record store
i'm the kingpin when the wax spins
crack or smack will take you to a sure end
you don't need it, just throw that stuff away
you wanna get high? let the record play

aww man, i like this dope here man
it's feelin' alright boy
what you say your name was man?

i'm your momma
i'm your daddy
i'm that nigga in the alley
i'm your brother when you need
a true player to emcee
you know me, a true friend
your main boy, thick and thin
mc ice-t
i'm your pusher

i know you're lovin' this drug as it's comin' out your speaker
bass through the bottons, highs thru the tweeters
but this base you don't need a pipe
just a tempo to keep your hype
groovin' like i see you doin'
some stupid crack would just ruin
your natural high, why? that ain't fly
and anyone who says it is, lies
move like i knew you would, like i knew could
and if you ain't cracked out, then i know you should
be able to give me a clap, to match exact with the track
and since i know that you ain't, i expect that
oh now this jam is lit, it's like the ultimate
people high off dope but still physically fit
i'll make a million bucks, pack my dough in trucks
from sellin' dope beats, dope rhymes, dope cuts
i'll be the biggest dope dealer in history
because all the fly will be high off that ice-t

aww man, you ain't ever lie, man
this dope's alright man
i gotta get back with you man
let me get your number man


i'll bring it to boil, evil e rock it up
you want it? i don't think you got enough
last suckers crossed, syndicate shot 'em up
cops found 'em in the lake bottom up
i don't play when it comes to my dope
i check my lyrics close, like with a microscope
i don't clean 'em up with no ivory soap
i leave 'em hard and pure, hope that you can cope
because you might o.d. if you overdrive
this record, tape or cd, because the sound i've
created on this wax is like a chemical
and the knowledge i give makes me invincible

aww mr. dopeman
i'm lovin' you man
you got it goin' on man
what else you got?
i got some of that kool moe dee
aww yeah man, i want some of that
got some doug e. fresh
aww yeah gimme an ounce of that
i want that all night long
i got some eric b. & rakim
aww that is some real dope right there
i got some ll cool j
nah, nah man, i don't want none of that
you can keep that man
i got some boogie down productions, krs-one
aww now you're talkin' man, come on
public enemy
yeah don't stop, don't stop
biz markie
makin' music with yo mouth biz
i love it


the cops don't know what to do, because my dope breaks through
no matter what they do, my stuff gets to you
kickin' on the boulevard, my tempo's hyped and hard
i don't ask, the ice just bogards
sire records puts me out, with warner bros. clout
my dope hits the streets with no doubt
evil e adds the cut, then removes it
iz checks for purity, then approves it
and then you get it, try it and like it
and if it ain't potent, we remix and spike it
to bring you the pure dope, not a noose in a rope
because if you're doin' crack, you're on death row
you're just a toy punk, to mess with that junk
you want some real dope, come look in my trunk
the dope i'm sellin' is life, 100% legit
so get real fool, and try some real hit

word up my brother
you got me high as a kite
i feel good tonight
ice-t, man you alright

i'm your pusher

hustler, word, i pull the trigger long
grit my teeth, spray till every nigga's gone
got my block sewn, armored dope spots
last thing i sweat's a sucka punk cop
move like a king when i roll, hops
you try to flex, bang, another nigga drops
you gotta deal with this cause there's no way out
why? cash money ain't never gonna play out
i got nothin to lose, much to gain
in my brain, i got a capitalist migraine
i gotta get paid tonight, you muthafuckin right
pickin' my grip, check my bitch, keep my game tight
so many hoes on my jock, think i'm a movie star
nineteen, i got a fifty thousand dollar car
go to school, i ain't goin for it
kiss my ass, bust the cap on the moet
cause i don't wanna hear that crap
why? i'd rather be a new jack... hustler

hustler
hustler
hustler
h-u-s-t-l-e-r hustler

yo man you know what i'm sayin?
you got it goin on my man, i like how it's goin down
you got the fly cars, the girls, the jewels
look at that ring right there
i know it's real, it's gotta be real
man, you the flyest nigga i seen in my life!
yo man, i just wanna roll with you man
how can i be down?

what's up? you say you wanna be down?
ease back, or motherfucker get beat down
out my face, fool i'm the illest
bulletproof, i die harder than bruce willis
got my crew in effect, i bought em new jags
so much cash, gotta keep it in hefty bags
all i think about is keys and gs
imagine that, me workin at mickey d's (ha ha ha ha)
that's a joke cause i'm never gonna be broke
when i die there'll be bullets and gun smoke
ya don't like my lifestyle? fuck you!
i'm rollin with the new jack crew
and i'm a hustler

h-u-s-t-l-e-r hustler
new jack, new jack..........

here i come, so you better break north
as i stride, my gold chains glide back and forth
i care nothing 'bout you, and that's evident
all i love's my dope and dead presidents
sound crazy? well it isn't
the ends justifies the means, that's the system
i learned that in school then i dropped out
hit the streets, checked a grip, and now i got clout
i had nothing, and i wanted it
you had everything, and you flaunted it
turned the needy into the greedy
with cocaine, my success came speedy
got me twisted, jammed into a paradox
every dollar i get, another brother drops
maybe that's the plan, and i don't understand
god damn----you got me sinkin in quicksand
but since i don't know, and i ain't never learned
i gotta get paid, i got money to earn
with my posse, out on the ave
bump my sounds, crack a forty and laugh
cool out and watch my new benz gleam
is this a nightmare? or the american dream?
so think twice if you're coming down my block
you wanna journey through hell? well shit gets hot
pregnant teens, children's screams
life is weighed on the scales of a triple beam
you don't come here much, and ya better not
wrong move (bang), ambulance cot
i gotta get more money than you got
so what, if some motherfucker gets shot?
that's how the game is played
another brother slayed, the wound is deep
but they're givin us a band aid
my education's low but i got long dough
i'm raised like a pit bull, my heart pumps nitro
sleep on silk, lie like a politician
my uzi's my best friend, cold as a mortician
lock me up, it's genocidal catastrophe
there'll be another one after me!
a hustler, hustler

h-u-s-t-l-e-r hustler
new jack, new jack......

ten years ago i used to listen to rappers flow
talkin' bout the way they rocked the mic at the disco
i liked how that shit was goin' down
dreamt about ripping the mic with my own sound
so i tried to write rhymes something like them
my boys said, "that ain't you, ice! that shit sounds like them."
so i sat back, thought up a new track
didn't fantasize, kicked the pure facts
motherfuckers got scared cause they was unprepared
who would tell it how it really was? who dared?
a motherfucker from the west coast, l.a
south central, fool, where the crips and the bloods play
when i wrote about parties, it didn't fit
"6 n' the mornin," that was the real shit

o.g. original gangster

when i wrote about parties, someone always died
when i tried to write happy, yo, i knew i lied
'cause, i lived a life of crime why play ya blind?
a simple look and anyone with two cents would know i'm
a hardcore player from the streets
rapping bout hardcore topics over hardcore drum beats
a little different than the average though
jet you through the fast lane, drop ya on death row
cause anybody who's been there knows that
life ain't so lovely on the blood-soaked fast track
that invincible shit don't work
throw ya in a joint, you'll be coming out feet first
so i blast the mic with my style
sometimes i'm ill and other times buckwild
but the science is always there
i'd be a true sucker if i acted like i didn't care
i rap for brothers just like myself
dazed by the game in a quest for extreme wealth
but i kick it to you hard and real
one wrong move, and your cap's peeled
i ain't no super hero, i ain't no marvel comic
but when it comes to game i'm atomic
at dropping it straight, point blank and untwisted
no imagination needed, cause i lived it
this ain't no fucking joke, this shit is real to me
i'm ice-t, o.g
[hook}

two weeks ago i was out at the disco
two brothers stepped up to me and said, "hey yo, ice
we don't think you're down. what set ya claiming?"
e drew the glock, yo my set's aiming!
dumb motherfucker, try to roll on me, please!
i'm protected by a thousand emcees
and hoodlums and hustlers and bangers with jheri curls
we won't even count the girls
cause they got my back and i got theirs too
fight for the streets when i'm on oprah or donahue
they try to sweat a nigga but they just didn't figure
that my wit's as quick as a hair trigger
"he's not your everyday-type prankster."
i'm ice-t, the original gangster


so step to me if you think that you're ready to
got on your bullet proof? well mine's going right thru
this ain't no game to me, it's hollow fame to me
without respect from streets, so i don't claim be
the hardest motherfucker on earth
catch me slipping, i can't even get worked
but i don't slip that often, there's a coffin
waiting for the brother who comes off soft when
the real fucking shit goes down, take a look around
all them pussies can be found
they talk a mean fight but fight like hoes
i'm from south central, fool, where everything goes
snatch you out your car so fast you'll get whiplash
numbers on your rooftop for when the copters pass
gangbangers don't carry no switchblades
every kid's got a tec 9 or a hand grenade
thirty-seven killed last week in a crack war
hostages tied up and shot in the liquor store
nobody gives a fuck
"the children have to go to school!" well, moms, good luck!
cause the shit's fucked up bad i use my pad and pen
and my lyrics break out mad
i try to write about fun and the good times
but the pen yanks away and explodes and destroys the rhyme
maybe it's just cause of where i'm from
l.a. (*bang!*) that was a shotgun!

1-2, 1-2-1-2-3, i'm the emcee called ice-t
that's dj evil e, islam creates the beats
you girls look so sexy
i wish you all were up here with me
you drive me crazy with them big ole butts
girls, let's get butt naked and fuck

tonight, i'm trying to make this real clear, dear
i've no time to whisper in your ear
no time to remove your fears
i just wanna get near
get butt naked and roll around
move our bodies like up and down
do that stuff that your mama call smut
girls, let's get butt naked and fuck

come on, you know you wanna do it too
it's good to me and it's good to you
i only speak what's true
you say you don't, but i know you do
come on up to my room
we'll undress by the light of the moon
lay down and i'll caress that butt
girls, let's get butt naked and fuck

i mean real stupid and nasty
i know what you want, so you don't have to ask me
just lay back and i'll operate
jimbrowski will go to work and penetrate
and then we'll both feel great
make your move tonight, girl -- don't hesitate
we both want it, don't make it tough
girls, let's get butt naked and fuck

homeboys, you know the situation
you're trying to rap but they give you frustration
nose in the air, turning you down
when you really wanna say, "yo baby, let's get down"
but you don't, you keep fronting
kicking conversation, ain't talking 'bout nothing
when all that's really on your mind is what?
"yo baby, let's get butt naked and fuck"

that's right, if you're a man you want it
if you're a woman, you tease him and flaunt it
but my crew got to have it
and after they dog it, i autograph it
the syndicate don't lecture
we move in a group, seduce and capture
and if the posse has good luck
the girls will get butt naked and fuck that night

islam takes the pictures
and girls, i'mma say evil e's gonna get ya
get ya illing in a nude mode
a double x-rated episode
hotel rooms cold explode when my posse unloads
sex in effect when we're on the road

put your hands up in the air
if you love sex -- i know you're out there
safe sex that is
ya gotta be careful with this '88 sex biz
but that's another song
girls, move your bodies sexy and the brothers will come along
homeboys, move in on that butt and say
girls, let's get butt naked and fuck

ice-t, after your tremendous success on your past album
some have said; you have sold out
because of the use of rock'n'roll in your music
how do you reply to that?

you see, a lotta people don't realize that, you know
rock'n'roll is truly black music
it was created by chuck berry, little richard
even black people like that, who started it off back in the day
you know, and as far as i'm concerned music is music
i don't look at it as rock or r&b all that kind of stuff
i just look at it as music, you know
and anybody who said that i've sold out, they can basically suck my dick
cause i really don't give a fuck about that shit, you know
but uhh.. i do what i like, i happen to like rock'n'roll
and uhh.. i feel sorry for anybody who only listens to one form of music
you know, right now, i got my own rock band, it's got to jump off
it's really black hardcore band called body count
and uhh.. on some of the records i'm like laying some vocals on it
and uhh.. i got a tape of it right here, yo, check it out

you know, sometimes i sit at home, you know, and i watch tv
and i wonder what would be like to live in some place like
you know, the cosby show, ozzie and harriet
you know, where cops come and got your cat outta the tree
all your friends died at old age
but you see.. i live in south central, los angeles
and unfortunately... shit ain't like that!!
it's real fucked up!

god damn, what a brother gotta do
to get a message through
to the red and white and blue
what? i gotta die before you realize
i was a brother with opened eyes?
the world's insane while you drink champagne
and i'm living in black reign
you try to ban the a.k
i got ten of them stashed
with a case of hand grenades

(tell us what to do?) fuck you!
(tell us what to do?) fuck you!
(tell us what to do?) fuck you!
(tell us what to do?) fuck you!

you'd know what to do
if your kid got killed on the way to school
or a cop shot your kid in the back yard
shit would hit the fan motherfucker and it will hit real hard
i hear it every night, another gun fight
the tension mounts, on with the body count

yo beatmaster v, take these motherfuckers to south central
ha ha ha, yeah, fuck that
i hear it every night, another gun fight
the tension mounts, on with the body count
last weekend thirty seven kids killed in gang warfare in my back yard
no!!, no!!, no!!
yo ernie c, take these motherfuckers home, yeah
yo, we're in the house, body count fool, 1991 motherfucker
i hear it every night, another gun fight
the tension mounts, on with the body count

god damn what a brother gotta do
to get a message through
to the red and white and you?
what? i gotta die before you realize
i was a nigga with opened eyes?
the world's insane while you drink champagne
and i'm living in black reign
don't you hear the guns?
you stupid, dumb, dick sucking, bum politicians!!

(tell us what to do?) fuck you!
(tell us what to do?) fuck you!

the tension mounts...

attention!!
at this moment you are now listening to an ice-t lp
if you are offended by words like:
shit!! - bitch!! - fuck!! - dick!! - ass!! - whore!! - cum!!
dirty bitch!! - low motherfucker!! - nigga!!
hooker!! - slut!! - tramp!!
dirty low slut!! - tramp!! - bitch!! - whore!!
nigga!! - fuck!! - shit!! - whatever..
take the tape out now!
this is not a pop album
and by the way; suck my motherfucking dick!!

(*someone whistles*)
what's up?!
what's happening cous'?
westsiiide!!

here we go, another one
iceberg, gangsta rap 2006, 8th album, smg

time to take you back to the days of old
64 chevys, big fat gold
out to the west where the gangstas roam
south central, l.a.. my home
we was out there feeling that hip-hop beat
but couldn't connect to the new york streets
so we took our bandanas and we tied them up
rolled up in the studio and laid it rough
ice cube and them niggas with the 'tudes
showed a motherfucker how to blast at dudes "blaw!!"
come on!! dr. dre, n.w.a
eazy-e and 'ren, fuck what you say!
too short kept it raw for them niggas up north
geto boys, we was like to fuck the law
w.c. nigga, sag your pants
we taught you how to gangbang and to crip dance

this ain't no r&b this is gangsta rap
bitches get smacked, busters get jacked
front if you want, you'll get laid on your back
it's about guns and drugs and ho's and clubs

cypress hill made a nigga understand
how i can just kill a man
long beach out of the dark, came snoop
skinny little nigga not scared to shoot
dogg pound gangsters, kurupt and daz
suge had the whole death grow on blast
king tee motherfucker warren g
nate dogg reppin that 213
don't front motherfucker don't hate
compton's most wanted, mc eiht
throw your sets up niggas like you don't give a damn
inglewood, mack 10, watts was kam


so you wanna really know what's real on the mic!
my little homie 'pac lost his life
east coast, west coast, gun-talk rules
cocaine, big wheels, ho's and jewels
down south, gold teeth, niggas is real "dirty south"
gangsta rap got mass appeal
little white boys in 'burbs got heat
a ghetto is a ghetto and a street is a street
eliminate the poverty disease
and we'll start rapping about birds and trees
you can get shot, no matter how much fucking cash you got
you can never get away, the streets stay hot (*gunshot*)
and gangsters ain't the ones to push
they'll kill you a second ask president bush

a-yo ice, man. i'm working on this term paper for college. what's the first amendment?

freedom of speech, that's some motherfuckin' bullshit
you say the wrong thing, they'll lock your ass up quick
the fcc says "profanity - no airplay"?
they can suck my dick while i take a shit all day
think i give a fuck about some silly bitch named gore?
yo pmrc, here we go, raw
yo tip, what's the matter? you ain't gettin' no dick?
you're bitchin' about rock'n'roll, that's censorship, dumb bitch
the constitution says we all got a right to speak
say what we want tip, your argument is weak
censor records, tv, school books too
and who decides what's right to hear? you?
hey pmrc, you stupid fuckin' assholes
the sticker on the record is what makes 'em sell gold
can't you see, you alcoholic idiots
the more you try to suppress us, the larger we get

fuck that right! i want the right to talk
i want the right to speak, i want the right to walk
where i wanna, yell and i'm gonna
tell and rebel every time i'm on a
microphone on the stage cold illin'
the knowledge i drop will be heard by millions
we ain't the problems, we ain't the villains
it's the suckers deprivin' the truth from our children
you can't hide the fact, jack
there's violence in the streets every day, any fool can recognise that
but you try to lie and lie
and say america's some motherfuckin' apple pie
yo, you gotta be high to believe that
you're gonna change the world by a sticker on a record sleeve
cos once you take away my right to speak
everybody in the world's up shit creek

let me tell you about down south
where a motherfucker might as well not even have a mouth
columbus, georgia, said they'd lock me up
if i got on the stage in my show and said "fuck"
so i thought for a minute and said "no
i wasn't even gonna do a damned show"
cos for me to change my words from my rhymes
is never gonna happen cos there's no sell outs on mine
but i vowed to get those motherfuckers one day
they even arrested bobby brown and cool j
yo, they got their's comin', cos i'm mad and i'm gunnin'
homeboys, and there's no runnin'
i'm gonna tell you how i feel about you
no bull, no lies, no slack, just straight fact
columbus, georgia, you can suck my dick
you ain't nothin' but a piece of fuckin' shit on the damned map

freedom of speech, let 'em take it from me
next they'll take it from you, then what you gonna do?
let 'em censor books, let 'em censor art
pmrc, this is where the witch hunt starts
you'll censor what we see, we read, we hear, we learn
the books will burn
you better think it out
we should be able to say anything, our lungs were meant to shout
say what we feel, yell out what's real
even though it may not bring mass appeal
your opinion is yours, my opinion is mine
if you don't like what i'm sayin'? fine
but don't close it, always keep an open mind
a man who fails to listen is blind
we only got one right left in the world today
let me have it or throw the constitution away

what they're trying to do with radio, with this, uh, mccarran-walter act and a lot of other ways, is start by saying that they're protecting the public from wicked rock bands, or girlie magazines, or whatever. but, if you follow the chain of dominoes that falls down what they're really trying to do is shut off our access to information itself
if they can't do it by law they know there's other ways to do it

yo check this out
a lot of people get mad cause i use the word nigga
you know what i'm saying they don't like the fact that i use the word nigga
they say you a black man i tell em i'm a nigga they don't understand that
so i'm a say what i wanna say i call myself what i wanna call myself
you know what i'm saying
so they can stay off my dick
damn right i'm a nigga
and i don't care what you are
cause i'm a capital n-i double-g-e-r
black people might get mad
cause they don't see
that they're looked upon
as a nigga just like me
i'm a nigga, not a coloured man
or a black, or a negro
or afro american, i'm all that
yes i was born in america true
does south central
look like america to you?
i'm a nigga, a straight up nigga
from a hard school
whatever you are
i don't care, that is you fool
i'm loud and proud
well endowed with the big beef
out on the corner
i hang out like a horse thief
so you can call me dumb or crazy
ignorant, stupid, inferior or lazy
silly or foolish
but i'm badder and bigger
and most of all
i'm a straight up nigga
that's right i'm a nigga
my man lord finesse is my motherfucking nigga
you know evil e's my nigga, islam's my nigga
that's right they're my niggas
i'm a nigga in america
and that much i flaunt
cause when i see what i like
yo i take what i want
i'm not the only one
that's why i'm not bitter
cause everybody is a nigga to a nigga!
america was stole from the indians
show and prove, what was that?
a straight up nigga move
a low down shame
yo it's straight insane
yet they complain
when a nigga snatch
their gold chains
what is nigga suppose to do?
wait around for a handout
from a nigga like you?
that's why a low down nigga gets hyped
but i'm not a nigga of that type
i'm a steak and lobster eatin'
billionaire meetin'
cash money makin', movin' shakin'
corporate jet glidin'
limousine ridin'
writin' hits, filthy rich
straight up nigga!
that's right i'm a nigga
now i'm a write this song
though the radio won't play it
but i got freedom of speech
so i'm a say it
she wanna be lez he wanna be gay
well that's your business, i'm straight
so nigga have it your way
those who hate me i got somethin' for ya
i'm a nigga with cash; a nigga with a lawyer
not a watermelon chitlin eatin' nigga down south
but a nigga that'll smack the taste from your mouth
a contemplating thinking best champagne drinkin'
ten inch givin' extra large livin'
mercedes benz' drivin' strivin' to survivin
all the way live n' and kickin' hi fivin'
strokin' rap and happenin' deal doing
fly in from cali to chill with the crew in
rhymin' groovin' fly girlie grabbin'
horny gun shootin' long hair havin'
nigga
straight up nigga
nigga
straight up nigga
nigga
nigga that's right fool look at me
just the kinda nigga you'd like to hang from a tree
but all you kkk type grave diggers
ease back fool cause i'm a trigger nigga
i work real hard for my livin
but i don't celebrate bullshit thanksgiving
sit up like some fool and eat turkey
that's the day your forefathers jerked me
shipped us all over here in locks and chains
split us up twisted up a nigga's brain
now you keep me in constant sweat
but i'm a nigga that you'll never forget
a black bad iron clad always mad
fly nigga takin' off from a helipad
rolex drivin' buck wilin' cash pilin'
sportin' link chains and medallions
intellectual hi-tech cashin' seven digit checks
and still breakin' necks
the ultimate male supreme white woman's dream
big dick straight up nigga

we interrupt this program with a special bulletin:
america is now under martial law
all constitutional rights have been suspended
stay in your homes
do not attempt to contact loved ones, insurance agents or attorneys
shut up
do not attempt to think or depression may occur
stay in your homes
curfew is at 7 pm sharp after work
anyone caught outside the gates of their subdivision sectors after curfew
will be shot
remain calm, do not panic
your neighborhood watch officer will be by to collect urine samples in the morning
anyone caught interfering with the collection of urine samples
will be shot
stay in your homes, remain calm
the number one enemy of progress is question
national security is more important than individual will
all sports broadcasts will proceed as normal
no more than two people may gather anywhere without permission
use only the drugs prescribed by your boss or supervisor
shut up, be happy
obey all orders without question
the comfort you demanded is now mandatory
be happy
at last, everything is done for you

"you gotta make the money first"
"then when you get the money, you get the power"
"then when you get the power, then you get the woman"

the problem is you broke, you ain't got no car or job
you slow with your hustle, you dress like a slob
ladies ain't looking for no brothers like this
they want the dub-twisting ballers with the ice on their wrist
you gotta get your cash right to get in the game
might have to pull a pistol, flip some caine
get out in them streets and hustle hard in the rain
take your come up and reinvest to the game
"you gotta make the money first"
you need a lot to go far
what you think is rich, i just spent on a car
what you think is paid, i just blew on a watch
what you think is wealthy, i just dropped on a yacht
flip the street cash and try to pick some stocks
kick back in your pad and watch it roll like crops
but it really ain't that easy, or we all would be rich
one mistake, you're broke, the come up's a bitch
make the right moves and forget about sleep
concentrate on the paper chase, join the elite
few dun got mad cash and money to spend
money to straight blow and money to lend
and only then, you made it past stage one, my friend


now you got the money and the cash flow thick
but you really ain't nothing but a richer trick
just because you're paid, you can still get thick
by your low life homies or skanless bitch
you gotta move it around, put it in the right hands
maybe a judge, make a pa your friend
understand what really moves the world
recognize what really moves these girls
juice is more important than cash for real
money you spend, but true power you feel
it ain't that easy to reach
respect is about the hardest damn thing in the streets to get
make your moves correct, watch your crew
watch your back, they watching you
anybody round you has gotta be true
or you never make it past stage two
listen, when you get the real true power, you know
people will feel you, wherever you go
and when you really max this game
you'll never have to say your name


now you got the power, it's on, my friend
cuz the one thing women love is powerful men
the one thing women hate are brothers that bend
they act like they like 'em, but they only pretend
they wanna be with that man in the v.i
they don't wanna stand in line
you outta your mind?
that other player's got cash, but no juice
cuz the powerful men get to choose
from a multitude of women that be steppin in crews
willing to do much more than before
give you quick brains, it's insane
just what the woman'll do just for you
cuz if you got the power, then they gets it too
if you rollin benz, then they rollin too
if you livin phat, then they ballin too
that sounds stupid to you, not to me
they winning one move when it takes us three
cars, big houses, and shopping sprees
while most of us see the penitentiary

i once knew this brother
who i thought was cool with me
chilled out together
even went to school with me
fly nigga, my ace boon coon
used to low ride together
shot dice in the bathroom
ya want trouble?
well trouble ya found
cause we diss ya, then issue
the critical beat down
he needed money
i would always come through
needed a car? he could use mine too
but bust this!
out on the street
people say he was riffin'
callin' me a sucker
talkin' bout how foul i'm livin'
someone heard him
poppin' that shit last week
frontin' for some pussy
from some big-butt freak
sayin' i'm his worker
i was on his dick!
talkin' that craazy old weak assed shit
and after all of that
she still walked away
how ya gonna diss your boy
to get some play?
and when i stepped to him about it
he said, "who snitched?"

yo, how did he go out?
he went out like a bitch!
so ladies
we ain't just talkin' bout you
cause some of you niggas
is bitches too!

"you ain't nothing but a... "bitch!..." "nigga..."
"some of you niggas are bitches too"

i knew this brother named mitch
stone player
he meet a girl, in five minutes he'd lay her
trucked crazy jewels
hands smothered in ice
been to prison not once, but twice
kept a stupid thick posse
made of thugs and
crooks and hoods
and vet hustlers
who were up to no good
but they all stood behind him
and watched his back
that's the only way
to roll on the track
but yo
mitch got rushed by feds last week
they snatchbared the trunk
of his white cornice
took a look inside
and what did they see?
two keys, and a gallon of pcp!
oh shit! the thought crashed
mitch's subliminal
three strikes, that's called
habitual criminal
so instead of goin' under
he snitched on his whole posse
maxed at the crib
and sipped martini and rossi
sold out his whole crew
that rat named mitch

yo, how did he go out?
he went out like a bitch!
so ladies
we ain't just talkin' bout you
cause some of you niggas
is bitches too!


i knew this guy
that was never that fly
couldn't act cool
even when he tried
when we played rough
he always cried
when he told stories, he always lied
a black brother
who was missin' the cool part
he had the color
but was missin' the true heart
when we would fight
he would always go down quick
so he took karate
and he still got his ass kicked
but now he's married
and he kicks his wife's ass
says it comes from problems
that he had in the past
doesn't like blacks
claims he's upper class
joined the police, got himself a badge
now he rolls the streets
and he's out to jack
doggin' young brothers
cause they usually don't fight back
got a white partner
and he asked for that
and every night
another head they crack
so now he's big man
but he really ain't shit!

yo, how did he go out?
he went out like a bitch!
so ladies
we ain't just talkin' bout you
cause a lot of these pigs
are bitches too!


out one night with my crew
and some new kid
i didn't know homeboy, but evil e did
so i thought he was cool
we rode in his ride
rag top tray on daytons
lifted side to side
we hit the party deep
niggas was hawkin' me
you could feel the vibe
of thick artillery
parliament was on, some o.g. shit
i put my back to the wall
and felt my pistol grip
al of a sudden
niggas started trippin'
flippin', the record started skippin'
wildin', fools started locn up
gats cracked
the room started smokin' up
me and "e" hit the floor
and then the back door
my boys let off an automatic encore
but when we made it out to the ride
it was gone, we had to shoot it out
side by side
punk left us there to die in a ditch!

yo, how did he go out?
he went out like a bitch!
so ladies
we ain't just talkin' bout you
cause you scary-ass niggas
is bitches too!


so if you're wonderin' why we lookin' at you funny, it's cause
(some of you niggas are bitches 2)
you always tell a brother you're gonna loan him money but you don't cause
(some of you niggas are bitches 2)
yo, aladdin, you know why they be frontin'? i'mma tell you why
(some of you niggas are bitches 2)
you always act like you can fight, but when it's a real fight you find out
(some of you niggas are bitches 2)
"yo, i'mma do it ice, i'mma do it, ice." no you ain't, no you ain't, cause
(some of you niggas are bitches 2)
a brother think he got backup, but he really don't cause
(some of you niggas are bitches 2)
i wouldn't even hit you with my fist, i'mma smack the shit out of you, cause
(some of you niggas are bitches 2)
i know the real brothers

midnight chillin' at a.m p.m
coolin' drinkin' apple juice
in evil's bm
the sound's up loud
to attract attention
armor all-ed tires
on a lowered suspension
nardi to steer with
alpine deck was glowin'
bumpin' big daddy
and the nigga was definitely flowin'
i was ridin' shotgun
donald and hen in back
look through the tint recognized a jack
two brothers strolled up
talkin' 'bout "get out"
donald d blazed
shot one fool thru his fuckin' mouth
why would they step
when they know we're strapped?
i never cruise l.a
without a gat in my lap
the other fool shot
caught the e in the shoulder blade
i busted through the car door
that's where the nigga laid
hen jumped out
dropped two nines in his forehead
evil was bleedin' bad
the car seats were turnin' red
looked to my left
there were two more carloads
niggas in hats and hoods
in an attack mode
and they hadn't yet begun to fight
e hit the gas
it was one past midnight!
"listen to my 9 millimeter go bang!"
"take you on a walk through hell"
"south central"
yo, e, drive, drive, drive, man, drive, fuck it, let's get the fuck outta here, man!
we boned down vernon
made a right on normandie
left on florence
gettin' through the e.t.g.'s
spun out on vermont
made a left on colden
right on hoover
"e, where we goin'?"
he didn't even answer that
checked the rear view
they were still out back
where were these brothers from?
what made these brothers come?
bang! our back window
was removed by a shotgun
now hen g was shot
don caught a ricochet
these motherfuckers was ill
they didn't come to play
bust a right turn, parked
and then we got left
hid in the the bushes
shot the gas tank to fake death
but would this really
keep them psyched?
three of us bleedin'
it was ten past midnight!
"listen to my 9 millimeter go bang!"
"midnight, time for a homicide"
"south central"
come on, man, y'all bleeding bad, man, you gotta keep up, man, we can't stop here!
i really didn't like
how this shit was goin' down
wrong night, wrong time
wrong fuckin' part of town
ya see we was deep
in the hoover's hood
three niggas bleedin'
that shit don't look good!
see over there red don't go
some places red's all they know
but not our luck
tonight we was real fucked
broke down an alley
and we instantly had to duck
fuckin' police on a gang sweep
no time to deal with one time
so we had to creep
broke through a back yard
ran through a vacant lot
e, hen and don kept up
to be some niggas shot
shit was gettin' crazy
so i had to get busy
hen was bleedin' worse
and evil was gettin' dizzy
looked in a parking lot
i needed a snatch bar
had to hot wire
so i moved on an old car
it was a bucket, but fuck it, it had to do
started it up
and scooped my whole crew
two blocks later
we saw fuckin' blue lights
the pigs were behind us
it was half past midnight!
"listen to my 9 millimeter go bang!"
"take you on a walk through hell"
"south central"
y'all just lay down on the floor of this car, fuck the police, man, i'mma handle this
when they pulled us over
shit got worse
i waited till they got out
and then i hit reverse
fucked 'em up, i seen one cop fall
threw it in gear, yo i'm outty y'all
don't know how
but somehow we got away
lost the jackers, the cops
dumped the g.t.a
made it back to the hood
fixed the crew up
and even though evil's car blew up
we made it home and then i crashed out
thinkin' bout my all-night death bout
then somethin' woke me up
from my dark sleep
the sound of fuckin' police
when they're tryin' to creep
broke through my door
with no goddamn warning
looked at my watch
it was six in the mornin'

ts: yeah, man, we just sitting back, chilling
bunch of players listening to the seventh deadly sin
short dawg is doing his thing with my nigga ice-t
don't fake the funk
i: ice-t baby, this goes out to all you haters out there
actin' like a brother done did somethin' wrong
cause he got his game tight
don't hate the player, hate the game

don't hate the player, hate the game
niggas, sharpen your aim
every baller on the streets is searching fortune and fame
some come up, some get done up, except the twist
if you out for mega cheddar, you got to go high risk

sometimes i get illy, cock back the nine-milli
i choose not to bust, smack your punk-ass silly
just bought a crib, it cost two-point-five milli
swimming pool in my livin' room, i guess i'mma willy
i don't get high, so i don't split the phillies
niggas say they gonna kill me and i say: "oh really?"
hit my kawazakie i pull off on a willy
this is straight-lace pimpin', i know you hoes feel me
i come through - make your whole club petrol
you might as well let go, i blast, make the whole cub echo
you don't really wannna test an l.a. vet though
most of my crews' on death row - the real
quick with the trigger, nice with the steel
step into the kill zone caps get peeled
you whack, you looking for a record deal
bow down, on second thought punk bitch kneel


don't hate, cause my game's much tighter than yours
my girls, finer than yours, my jewels shine, brighter than yours
you look me dead in my face
then you act like you don't see me
you wanna be me, you hate my motherfucking guts
licking nuts - what's the deal? it's a level playing field
my game's against yours, hustling wars
roll the dice, risk your motherfucking life
bank rolls and low hoes, anything goes
ridin' rolls in a week, clap a nigga who speaks
i'm suceedin', in tryin' to keep from bleedin' in the lane
crystal meth, f.c.c., and crack, cocaine
got a nigga tryin' to figure out the best route
i got cops in my rear view, too, but i'll shoot
every bitch i meet is fucking up to something
take a nigga to the crib lay him down and start dumping
gat pumping, they'll kill your ass for a g
hate the game, motherfucker, don't hate me


yo, my name will sell better than rap like the acropolis
suckers might as well step back, there ain't no stoppin' this
whack magazines who tried and tried to toppen this
i still got more lexus and gators on my shopping list
make a fist, take your best shot, bet you drop it kid
hit more licks than you, and never caught a bid
make the whole world go crazy, they said about the pig
bald-headed hoes step back; bitch, go and cop a wig
when i do a show, best believe it drop
every night i got my straps, best believe they cocked
some bitch talks crazy, then that bitch gets socked
if a man steps up, then he too gets dropped
fuck the cops, i'm still folding fat knots
catch me on the weekend, floating my yacht
say, "ice, kick some game," and i'll teach you a lot
knock your bitch no matter how hard your block


i don't know why a player wanna hate t
i didn't choose the game, the game chose me

oh baby, man, this is a funky track
man, you got it goin' on, ice-t my nigga, man
yeah yeah, boy, they gonna go crazy when they hear this one, boy
album 3, man, we still in effect, man
yo, ice, kick some of that pimp shit out there
throw that fly shit at 'em

i-c-e b-e-r-g
what's that spell? iceberg, baby, can't you read?
time to bleed, slaughter, slice
try to say i wasn't nice as we waxed them punks like lab mice
dice 'em up, slice 'em up, dissect
put you in a boilin' pot and let your ass sweat
cos i rap on game you think i'm weak in a freestyle?
well 911 you should dial
before my posse makes a move on your mom's crib
think we got knives and guns? we got bombs, kid
blow up your whole block, you hear the gunshots
throw you in the syndicate cellar and let your body rot
cause i'm the coldest motherfucker that you ever heard
call me the ice...or just the iceberg

oh, baby, 
man, you got it goin' on, man, and it's strong, baby
kick that fly one to me about my man evil e, aight?
come on, kick it

evil e was out coolin' with a freak one night
fucked the bitch with a flashlight
pulled it out and left the batteries in
so he could get a charge when he begin
used his dick, the shit was tight
bitch's titties start blinkin' like tail lights
rolled her over to change a connection
bitch's ugly face cold spoiled his erection
i'm the ice rhymer, a big timer
and yes i'm a pimp and a player and a hustler and kinda
a mack and a poet, impressive i know it
don't only rhyme for niggas 'cause i live my life co-ed
on the mic it's livin' breathin' hype
a 1989 type dolemite
cool motherfucker, word
call me the ice... or just the iceberg

oh my god, mercy mercy, man, you's the coldest mother fucker in the world, man
you's a pimp nigga, man, ice, i love you man
throw that one at me about charlie jamm

charlie jamm fucked a freak on a ski-lift
10 below, gave her the dick
it was cold and she said "quit!"
charlie jamm said "bullshit!"
she said "oh, oh, oh my god!"
charlie's dick was frozen hard
but she said she never felt it
maybe charlie's dick melted
yes, i'm the rhyme kicker, the hard liquor
parental guidance sticker? yeah, i'm the nigga
triple-x is how i rate
i'm the one your parents hate
i'm as cold as cold can get
under pressure never sweat
cool motherfucker, word
call me the ice... or just the iceberg

oh man, ice, johnny rivers' got this track just kickin', boy, you know what i'm sayin'? me and that cat randy mack up here lovin' this, man. kick the one about donald d

out with the posse on a night run
girls on the corner, so let's have some fun
donald asked one if she was game
back alley sally was her name
she moved on the car and moved fast
on the window pressed her ass
all at once we heard a crash
donald's dick had broke the glass
yes, i'm the big wheeler, the girl stealer
and if we play cards don't let me be the dealer
the ice, cool as water, hard as stone
the black mack of the microphone
talkin' shit the way i do
rhyme pays, the posse grew
did you like power? word
well this is the ice... or just the iceberg

that's right baby this is the iceberg, man, you got it goin' on
oh man, beat master b is in here, lovin' this, you know what i'm sayin'?
got my man  in the house, boy, i got my one and only afrika islam cold lampin', you know what i'm sayin'?
i don't think nobody could fuck with the syndicate, ice, you's a mean bad cold motherfucker, man, you my nigga, man
yo, ice, could you loan me some money, though, man, 'cause you be talkin' all that pimp shit, man, why don't you just go on and hit me with uh, thirty or eighty thousand, or somethin' somethin'
give me one of them jewels off your hand, man
come on, ice, man, come on man, yo
you's a pimp nigga
ha ha, yo ice
you know i like you a lot, man
yeah, yeah!

i'm livin' large as possible, posse unstoppable
style topical, vividly optical
listen, you'll see 'em sometimes i'll be 'em
cops, critics and punks, never ever want to see me in power
well, that's too bad, apocalypse now i'm back and i'm mad
we're comin', you're runnin' cold and cunning
ice t on the mic, topgunning
after your neck, checkin' respect, makin' you sweat
rhyme syndicate boy in effect
the rap motivator,teacher,talker,night rhyme stalker
words thrillin', so real they're chillin', the hit author
gettin' louder than a shot gun, you don't want none
rhyme pays was the name of the album
but that was number one, this is the number two
the posse grew, we're gonna break through
power
somebody line up the suckers who refuse to recognize the truth
tie up the punks who refuse to understand the youth
my posse's growin' and it's gettin' larger every day
detroit, chi-town, pittsburgh, houston, l.a
come on, come on, come on, toys, let's play
circle the calendar, perpetrator doomsday
ice t fool man of my own full-grown
i cause havoc when i speak upon the microphone
i'm outspoken, no jokin', get in my face your jaw will get broken
layin' it, sayin' it, then you're playing it
lyrics so heavy that you might try weighin' it
hated by many but i hate'em back
loved by troopers who know where it's at
you might like me, might think i'm wack
but don't step to me cause the boy stays strapped
i'm taking no shorts, hatin' the courts, hatin' the judges
punk da's with their personal grudges
i hate the clubs that think with their butts
no hats, no jeans, no sneakers, no what?
no beepers, no gold? yo kiss my ass
we'll wait and see who gets the last laugh
we'll have the power
power (x3)
power, it starts with p like pussy
she knows she's got it, she doesn't worry, does she?
spendin' your cash, leavin' you in the trash
while your little head's thinkin', they're gone in a dash
they got it, know it, that's why they show it
the power of sex, if man could overthrow it
he'd be king in a day, no way
we get rich, hard, give it away
we're weak and as we speak, the girls are hawkin'
sizin' me up straight out as i'm talkin'
you gotta have control if you want the gold
i don't wanna be alone like stallone
so i keep my mind thinkin' 'bout the green
and stop dwellin' on the in-between
i got the power
power
i'm on a mission mackin' hard as a hammer
take my picture, i might take your camera
my posse might move, and they move fast
a fool's move could be a punk's last
ain't no criminal although i used to be
ain't no new jack rappin' ain't new to me
i been makin' records on wax since 1982
now it's 1988 finally i'm coming through
that adds up to six years of makin' ok jams, but now i'm mad
here comes the body slam
turnin' out concerts, housin' the industry
lovin' all the fly girls screamin' for ice t
rollin' with the syndicate my unstoppable battalion
38 solid gold my medallion
gainin' velocity, momentum, and energy
ice capital t
i got the power
power
so you say that i'm a fake, think, you really must be a fool
i been to jail more times than you have probably been in school
shot at, shot back, hit, and seen my buddies killed
that's the foundation upon the raps of ice-t are built
i say what i think, the system does stink
money you walk, you short, you're writin' from the clink
come on, what's up, you know the laws are full of bull
prey on the lame, release those with pull
power, i know you wanna try it
well check out money can buy it
control and mold the world to do your wishin'
the knowledge of power is mine, so just listen
money controls the world and that's it
and once you got it, then you can talk shit
power
you have the power
power
you have the power
i got the power(fade out)

magnificent rhymer, i'm the ill beat designer
if they ask you if i'm def, don't front and say kinda
merciless, meticulous, so fresh it's ridiculous
i'm raised in the heart of los a-n-g-e-l-e-s
king word connector, the vocal projector
your girl tried to jock me, i had to reject her
always adventurous voice some say is sensuous
now, i'm on the mic so i think i better mention this
i don't like gucci, fila, louis, or fendi
those are fads and i ain't trendy
but whether your name's lucy, terry, laura, or cindy
ice got the beef and this ain't wendy's
bust a move while i'm talkin'
sucker rappers i be stalkin'
when they see me on the street with my homeboy walkin'
they slow down, turn around and ask was that ice?
then they see me cold countin' my cash
rhyme pays!

moves must be busted, girls can't be trusted
i looked at your lady and i was disgusted
came into the party just to rock the place
and your big zombie lookin' freak still won't get out of my face
i don't mean to diss her, but do you kiss her?
look at her lips, she got them crazy blisters
body that smells like the new york mets
arm pits all nappy packed full of sweat
i hope this something that you never forget
tie that freak outside next time you come in the set
because my jams be crazy, packed with all fly ladies
i'm talkin' def girlies and i don't mean maybe
the way i rhyme no one will ever slay me
and i ain't lyin' rhymes do pay me !
rhyme pays!

i'm notorious, i'm infamous, like a snake i'm venomous
for those who may diss i think you should consider this
i can make a rhyme complicated as a puzzle
dangerous and as violent as a pit bull in a muzzle
but this record is for radio s-t-e-r-e-o
it's not to be banned or for some underground mix show
my heart's in my pen every time i begin
sometimes my lyrics go crazy and i just can't control 'em my friend
i try to edit what i'm rappin' about
but i can't write polite my anger just jumps out!
perpetrators in the business claim they're hard as hell
talkin' that gangster shit, know'n they're soft as jell-
oh! i better chill out before i ill out
and my negative potential just might spill out
and then this record won't be gettin played
i'll save that rap for another day
rhyme pays

the front stage area goes into hysteria
as i start to rhyme and unleash my criteria
of what is to come during the beat of the drum
and evil agitates the records with the use of his thumb
using his intricate moves, the record stays in the groove
my boy cuts like jason, it's easy to prove
that evil e is the great, his cuts are real not fake
not emulated effects or a play back tape
so suckers witness your fate while evil demonstrates
i'm bout to get off this mic, e., dog the break - kick it!

like me if ya want'a, diss me if you're gonna
but my jam will still be kickin' on your neighborhood corner
as my bass is max'n out the v.u.s. on your box
there'll be no doubt within your mind whether this mc do rock
like granite, i planned it, so you could understand it
if someone's talkin' when i'm rhymin'
then just say, "damn shut up!"
while ice is breakin' the boy don't be fakin'
maybe they're just jealous of the dollars i'm makin'
but you're down with me. you know god gifted me
black kids say i'm trech, white kids say i'm nifty
spell out my name ya go i-c-e t
but right now it's time for evil e to hit me!

rhyme pays, buys my food every night and day
it pays my rent my bills i guess i'm doin' ok
but when i say rhyme pays, i mean in different ways
cause rappin' gets a lot of kids out of the streets each day
it makes me feel real nice when someone likes the ice
or some young mc asks me for advice
but there will always be rappers who hate ice t
maybe i dogged 'em in a battle or just jealousy
inevitable situation, sucker rapper frustration
i rhyme too tough to bite, too intricate for notation
syllables jumble, competitors crumble as they witness mic attack
and the microphone rumbles like hurricane
i maim, sometimes i go insane
step toward my rap and i inflict the pain!
no shame ice capital t's my name!!
...damn there i go illin' out again
rhyme pays