yo, why is jadakiss as hard as it gets?
why is the industry designed to keep the artist in debt?
and why them dudes ain't ridin' if they part of your set?
and why they never get it poppin' but they party to death?
yeah, and why they gonna give you life for a murder?
turn around, only give you eight months for a burner?
it's goin' down; why they sellin' niggas' cd's for under a dime?
and if it's all love, daddy, why you come with your 9?
why my niggas ain't get that cake?
why is a brother up north better than jordan
that ain't get that break?
why you don't stack instead of tryin' to be fly?
why is rattin' at an all time high? why are you even alive?
why they kill 2pac and chris?
why at the bar you ain't take straight shots instead of poppin' cris?
why them bullets have to hit that door?
why did kobe have to hit that raw? why'd he kiss that whore?
why?!

all that i’ve been given
it's this pain that i’ve been livin'
they got me in the system
why they gotta do me like that?
tried to make it my way
but got sent on up the highway
why? oh why?
why they gotta do me like that?

why do niggas push pounds and powder?
why did bush knock down the towers?
why you around them cowards?
why aaliyah have to take that flight?
why my nigga d ain't pull out his ferrari?
why he take that bike?
why they gotta open your package and read your mail?
why they stop lettin' niggas get degrees in jail?
why you gotta do 85% of your time?
and why do niggas lie in 85% of they rhymes?
why a nigga always want what he can't have?
why i can't come through in the pecan jag?
why did crack have to hit so hard?
even though it's almost over, why niggas can't get no jobs?
why they come up with the witness protection?
why they let the terminator win the election?
come on, pay attention!
why i sell in the stores what you could sell in the streets?
why i say the hottest shit but be sellin' the least? why

all that i’ve been given
it's this pain that i’ve been livin'
they got me in the system
why they gotta do me like that?
tried to make it my way
but got sent on up the highway
why? oh why?
why they gotta do me like that?

why halle have to let a white man pop her to get a oscar?
why denzel have to be crooked before he took it?
why they didn't make the cl6 with a clutch?
and if you don't smoke
then why the hell you reachin' for my dutch?!
why rap? ‘cause i need air time
why be on the curb with a "why lie? i need a beer" sign?
why all the young niggas is dyin'?
‘cause they moms at work
they pops is gone, they livin' with iron
why they ain't give us a cure for aids?
why my diesel have fiends in the spot on the floor for days?
why you screamin' like it's a slug? it's only the hawk
why my buzz in l.a. ain't like it is in new york?
why they forcin' you to be hard?
why ain't you a thug by choice?
why the whole world love my voice?
why? try to tell 'em that it's the flow, son
and you know why they made the new twenties?
‘cause i got all the old ones — that's why!

all that i’ve been given
is this pain that i’ve been livin'
they got me in the system
why they gotta do me like that?
tried to make it my way
but got sent on up the highway
why? oh why?
why they gotta do me like that?

fuck the frail shit, uh, 'cause when my coke come in
they gotta use the scale that they weigh the whales with
carlssons on the jeep, bugatti made the prototype
hoped you'd get the picture but you just can't photo life
determined niggas make it
kicking down the door and we burning niggas naked
the house costs a million, sitting on the beach
and the only thing i know: if it's furnished i'ma take it
my bathtub lift up, my walls do a 360
we got the shit that the government got
talking money then you rubbing the spot
real niggas say that they be wilding
we on the cayman islands on a yacht with our favorite albums
a bad ho and a plate of salmon, smoking and drinking
nigga is you thinking that our fate is violent?
i love my nigga for the fact that he real
and nobody on the faculty squeal
and if you facing capital pun, pass me a gun
and i'ma give you time to run while i rapidly peel, uh

we gon' make it
we gon' make it, we gon' make it
we gon' make it
we gon' make it, we gon' make it
we gon' make it

i learned the game quickly, and i don't like to rent
so when i fly now, i bring my cars on the plane with me
in this case who's the loser?
ran through enough coke for castro to build schools in cuba
teaching kids how to read and write and use the ruger
motherfuckin' niggas is back, jada and p
we got water, x, haze, plus weight of the d
and i'm tired of hearing about old niggas that had it
and be the same old niggas that ratted (who cares?)
talking 'bout how we hawk niggas in they fuckin' back
gun work's official but niggas don't be wanting that
(why?) 'cause they puss and they mans is lame
we soul for real in the hood, we make candy rain
i could easily send you to god
but come and see me at the plaza hotel i might give you a job
if you can't remember the name
all you gotta do is ask the dame for the niggas that deliver it hard

we gon' make it
we gon' make it, we gon' make it
we gon' make it
we gon' make it, we gon' make it

jada-mwah, i'll kiss you, you bitch ass nigga
bet the hood won't miss you, you bitch ass nigga
might find your man dead in the ocean (he be aight though)
you know dead rappers get better promotion
why we don't laugh at death, and cry at birth
never say you can't do it 'til you try it first
be the young niggas eager to pull it
but it's a message in everything, trust me, even a bullet
go to war with the 8 and the pound
think you got your ear to the street now
put your face in the ground 'cause my shells is expensive
you'll know exactly why when you yellin' in intensive
my fellas is offensive
lucky 'cause i got guns that crack your back
but that's not what i prefer, i manufacture crack
and niggas turn bitch when you show em the steel
but we know how to bid so y'all go 'head and squeal
i'm comfortable far from home
eating right, getting good rest either on the bar or the phone
i'm the reason niggas got deals the past few years
"sound anything like kiss? then sign right here!"
and, y'all just talking, i'm doing it well
jadakiss, motherfucker, i'ma see you in hell

we gon' make it
we gon' make it, we gon' make it
we gon' make it
we gon' make it, we gon' make it
we gon' make it

you did it baby! congratulations, homie!
you made history! 1.1 million in a short week!
ha-haa! screw a press conference!
press this on your conscience!
d-block, cheers! yeah! ah-ha-ha
i ain't mad, i don't wanna sound mad, i feel marvelous
d-block, double r, fuckin' faggots!

we gon' handle this like grown men, you won't win
you don't even feel comfortable in your own skin
i rap my ass off, i'm fightin' the champ with the glass jaw
at the garden or nassau (uh-huh)
see me, couple hood niggas behind stars
i heard you put a couple good niggas behind bars (preme!)
i might never sell that much
but you can bet your last two quarters i never tell that much
picture 'kiss not come out swingin'
it's like going to see 50 at a show
and he don't come out singin' (c'mon!)
yeah, you got a felony, but you ain't a predicate (nuh-uh)
never the king of new york, you live in connecticut (haha)
you don't be in the hood, you be in the woods
fuckin' with me, it's where you really gon' be for good (ugh)
i hold the 4-5 myself (ch-chk)
and hop out the range on 1-4-5 myself (what up!)
this is a true fact
since when has it become cool to get shot and not shoot back? (never)
trackmasters shelved you (ugh), bravehearts helped you (ugh)
then everybody felt you (uh-huh), now i gotta melt you (yeah)
and don't try to pull rank on 'kiss
‘cause the niggas i'ma send to do it ain't gon' miss
be layed up stiff, i spit straight up piff
i did real songs with big, no made-up shits (ah!)
and i don't got a problem with clout
you ain't get shot again yet
so what's your second album about? (nothin'!)
your raps are pre-school
you made a lot of money, now be cool
'fore i swell up your lips like seafood (mmm)
can i get a mic check?
you don't stand a chance at the dance with me, dawg
your steps ain't right yet (uh-uh)
block is just fine, homie, the d's straight (d-block)
most likely, your new cd is a weed plate (haha)
bunch of love songs, 100% pure garbage (garbage)
just somethin' to break up buds on
you should just sell clothes and sneakers
‘cause outta your whole camp
your flow's the weakest (garbage)
i'm in the town where the young boys is clappin' (clappin)
you runnin' around with the lieutenant and captain (haha!)
it'll take a lifetime to see 'kiss
you had to get shot 9 times to be rich

rat-ass nigga, you's a animal
you's a motherfuckin' animal
pig-ass nigga, you's a animal
you's a motherfuckin' animal
snake-ass nigga, you's a animal
you's a motherfuckin' animal
matter of fact, you ain't no animal
i'ma show these motherfuckers how to handle you

ah-ha! d-block!
i'm not a sucker, so i don't need a bodyguard!

i'll be by your side, i'll always find a way
general, we got these niggas
fucking cockroaches, you wanna go to war? ha-haaaeeh!
i love you too much to lose your sweet touch and your love
i'd find you

(by your side)
it makes me strong
it gives me the strength to bang out and make these songs
if i do it on the spot or if it takes me long
they can't stop me, even if my brakes was on
i'm still (by your side)
i'm always here, nobody’s perfect, life ain't always fair
i used to not give a fuck, i ain't always care
when it’s too hot for the hammer
you know the hawk is right (by your side)
until you get to the car
and you gotta get through the d before you get to the r
if i don't get you today then i'ma get you tomorrow
as soon as you come out your crib i'ma be right (by your side)
where i’m supposed to be
close to you, with the toast close to me
and screw it if it’s the right or the wrong thing
when you in the sight of that long thing
you wish you had a strong team (by your side)

i love you too much to lose your sweet touch and your love
i'd find you
by your side, by your side
i love you too much to lose your sweet touch and your love
i'd find you

as long as you need me
i'm down for whatever homie as long as you feed me
i pull the big joints out as long as the tv
or i can play my part and just breathe easy, right (by your side)
as soon as something happen to you
your niggas are bouncin' and you thought they were scrappin' witcha you
now you cleanin' your cuts with peroxide
and you wake up in the er with the doc, right (by your side)
puttin tubes in you
and you can’t even eat right, they puttin’ food in you
your body’s getting colder, devil on your shoulder
and your moms is in the room but you just wanna hold her (by your side)
nothin but realness
that's why everybody in the world could feel this
i'm on top and y'all under me
so when it's over; if i ain't in the front
at least i'm gonna be (by your side)

i love you too much to lose your sweet touch and your love
i'd find you
by your side, by your side
i love you too much to lose your sweet touch and your love
i'd find you

until they finish me off
if they don't get us both you'll be sending me off
and please just do me this favor: stick to our little plan
and fuck the money, just keep my little man (by your side)
and show 'em there's hope
and he gon' think he know how it's going
but show him the ropes
and if you bring him to the gucci store, show him the loafs
hood niggas i'm just showing you growth
but i'm still right (by your side)
you know kiss
don't gotta aim his gun at you to be focused
and if you broke now nigga when you see those chips
watch how many people come out of nowhere
and try to be (by your side)
the answer's plenty
'cause when you, handling business you can't be friendly
and if you, tryin to stack something can't be pennies
most likely grants and benjies
and you better keep 'em (by your side)

i love you too much to lose your sweet touch and your love
i'd find you
by your side, by your side
i love you too much to lose your sweet touch and your love
i'd find you
by your side
by your side
by your side
by your side

it's that time motherfuckers, dub dime motherfuckers
that's me motherfuckers, yeah the champ part 3 motherfuckers

all praises, all burners, all razors
hands down nigga the game is all jada's
something hot drop i get 'em in all flavors
he's a dick, you pussy y'all neighbors
yeah, two extra whores
i'm in the new aston with two extra doors
with a quick flip i don't try to stretch for more
one hundred percent powder, extra raw
and i get it from giuseppe, either him or the eses
i've been smacking these rappers around for a decade
still tryin to get mami to sacame la leche
know if i take her out i could pop her the next day
the black mamba of the vocals, mj of the pro tools, anti social
phil jack on the track but i can't coach you
this is just audio of shit that i go through
guns in the couch, money in the mattress
and i would have got the bentley but i had to pay taxes
settle for a polo fit and some air maxes
your flows a light sprain, mines is a fracture
uh, but the x-rays negative
you a coward, in jail you could never live
nah, you barely living out here
im the reason you breathing it's like im giving out air
i got stocks in the block and im giving out shares
to niggas that don't talk cause they giving out years
i don't know you, you ain't familiar
and i don't care who shot you cause they ain't kill ya'
as far as the word play, i'm a son of a bitch
these niggas is decent, but ain't none of 'em kiss
mtv y'all know, i'll punish the list
them niggas' jewelry is fake and ain't none of 'em rich
notice they keep watching 'em, there's no stoppin' em
v neck, crush linen, suede louie moccasins
they won't dry up but you can't buy luck
cashmere sweats with the gucci tie ups
overlooking the city my nigga i'm high up
and i could get your brains blown out for five bucks
im always in the hood, thats cause i rep that
my paperwork good niggas already checked that
im probably just comfortable cause thats where i slept at
the desert is blue steel, the forty is jet black

(fucking prick!) this is my livelihood
that you fuckin' with! a-ha!
this is it right here, baby! (ahaha)
no more hating in the world (haha!)
you know (yeah), it's gon' be what it's gon' be
ruff ryders! (let's go)

welcome to d-block, city of broke down dreams
where things ain't always peachy keen as they seem
city of dope dealers, killers, pimps, pushers
panhandlers, hustlers and doped out fiends
the sun don't shine here, in this part of town
but we all got a town that's similar to this too
they say every city's got a ghetto, every ghetto's got a hood
take a good look around you 'cause there's a d-block near you

place where ain't nobody that proud, it's a fucking black cloud
that got people under the impression they can act wild
working around though 'cause if you can pull a trigger on the pound, yo
five minutes flat, the whole town know
lotta assuming a nigga's salary
more lies than truth, definitely more rumors than reality
only way you beating a body's technicality
other than that catch 'em in clinton on the gallery
the determination and dedication and discipline
listening, catching the jewels that you was missing
and they still doing coward shit
you know the hate is gonna always be heavy but the love overpowers it
something in the air but the older they get
they kill you quicker over a girl than over a brick
we don't play with the lizards, we make phrases up and say 'em exquisite
anytime you can pay us a visit

welcome to d-block, city of broke down dreams
where things ain't always peachy keen as they seem
city of dope dealers, killers, pimps, pushers
panhandlers, hustlers and doped out fiends
the sun don't shine here, in this part of town
but we all got a town that's similar to this too
they say every city's got a ghetto, every ghetto's got a hood
take a good look around you 'cause there's a d-block near you

welcome to d-block, the mighty, mighty d-block
the place in new york city where diddy won't even walk
its d-block, the part of yonkers i wouldn't be caught
without two pistols on me that'll be cocked in each pocket
d-block don't even stop to talk, you just keep walking
stick up kids every block who watch for every opportunity
as soon as you leave out that jewelry shop
and you won't even notice your mind will be so
preoccupied with that new watch you just copped
you won't even see that ride pulling up alongside you
you'll be shot 'fore you even realize you were spied on for three blocks
d-block the place where o.g.'s get knocked, locked up
get out, come home for a week and get re-knocked
you won't even see cops, hip-hop police don't even stop
on d-block, where everybody wants to be 'pac
and you can get popped over the new g-unit reeboks

welcome to d-block, city of broke down dreams
where things ain't always peachy keen as they seem
city of dope dealers, killers, pimps, pushers
panhandlers, hustlers and doped out fiends
the sun don't shine here, in this part of town
but we all got a town that's similar to this too
they say every city's got a ghetto, every ghetto's got a hood
take a good look around you 'cause there's a d-block near you

if you bust and your gun got niggas on the run
and you rep where you from, nigga, you d-block!
and you trying to come up and your pockets is light as a cup
and don't give a fuck, you d-block!
ayo, bang-bang nigga, let's get it on
always been a monster, but its worse now that my son's been born
and every nigga where i be, i put in work for free
it's d-block, motherfucker; ayo, grab this, p!

welcome to d-block, a place where little niggas is killas
and the mother's raising the sons to turn into gorillas
and the hallways is pissy as hell, all we do is get bigger
more ignorant, you send us to jail
my niggas shoot anything that'll move
sell drugs, from the rise to the sun to the fall of the moon
i'd die the way i stand, with my man if i can, when the shells come
this is d-block, y'all welcome!

welcome to d-block, city of broke down dreams
where things ain't always peachy keen as they seem
city of dope dealers, killers, pimps, pushers
panhandlers, hustlers and doped out fiends
the sun don't shine here, in this part of town
but we all got a town that's similar to this too
they say every city's got a ghetto, every ghetto's got a hood
take a good look around you 'cause there's a d-block near you

ruff ryders!

what's the deally yo?
i gotta squeeze the juice outta the headphones
(jadakiss...)
yeah (i like that)
squeeze the juice outta the headphones
yo, yo yo

when you think of me you think of a problem
who? what? when? and how you gonna solve em
automatic or revolving
the k i double s and, here's the lesson
most beams is infared, but mine's is flourescent
no matter where you go, i'mma spot you
no matter how many people you put me in front of, i'mma rock you
and if you try to be the hard top, i'mma drop you
i got to, treat you like the clutch, and pop you
creep threw, in the 4-20 with your honey
cuz you ain't nuthin' but a playboy that turned bunny
and the only the thing left to discuss is more money
in these bullshit games these chickens, try to run me
ya'll know ya'll can't touch us, i flow luscious
it's so real i make her hop out, and get the dutches
i'm sittin on a thousand birds, and i hide from the cameras (why?)
cuz a picture's, worth a thousand words
since ya'll herbs, ya'll get what ya'll deserve
ya'll do the catering, while we just get served
and you got some nerve, for p-hing
jason, do you have any idea who you facing?
just something about my shit, you'll never figure out
it's too hot, burning my mouth, that's why i spit it out
it must be, real hard for ya'll to listen
and it's sad, niggas is to broke to pay attention

chilling, sittin' on about half a million
and all my niggas, all my guns, all my women
next two years i should see about a billion
all for the love of drug dealing
chilling, sittin' on about half a million
and all my niggas, all my guns, all my women
next two years i should see about a billion
all for the love of drug dealing

hey yo, niggas know the line of work, bullet proof designer shirt
rolling with a china doll, she'll be reminding ya'll
don of the underworld, every block monitored of course
jadakiss and l-o-x boss
a pro cause i grow off the shit that i absorb
you just another so and so, trying to flow, going broke
you trying to buy property, set it up for growing coke
niggas making a movie, so i came to edit
wiping everybody out, right before the credits
i'm a hard guy to get along with, get on a song with
when shit be going right, i flip into the wrong shit
the prime artist, expect me to rhyme hardest
slash con artist, gonna get mine regardless
i ain't even big and i size niggas up
cuz they eyes give em up, look at em and see they butt
i'm 22 with 10 ends so there that go
you hear that flow that drove the underground wacko
every since 12 i've been spittin like tabacco
relax though, pop the tape cd and the wax though
they wonder how, but the thing about ours
we open up 24 hours
niggas don't sleep with eat so when they speak it mean power
so you should keep quiet, you a coward
about to be layed out flat, and pushing up flowers

chilling, sittin' on about half a million
and all my niggas, all my guns, all my women
next two years i should see about a billion
all for the love of drug dealing
chilling, sittin' on about half a million
and all my niggas, all my guns, all my women
next two years i should see about a billion
all for the love of drug dealing

uh-huh, you know where i'm taking this
i'm taking it right there, they leave me no choice

she said she was a model for a year and a half
and if she took her pins out
then her hair would drop down to her calf
i knew her man, he was just up north
and would've got left up north, but he was the chef up north
anyway i'm k-i-double
all i do is get dough, spit flows, try to stay out of trouble
if you ready we could move, just lose your man
or hit the dance floor, i'll show you how to do my dance
or i might let you play in the garden
or sit up in that white thing and listen to the greatest of marvin
the estate got 6 locations
take so long to get to the front once i missed probation
and i hate to brag
i know ya man really wouldn't like the beretta but he'd hate the mag
and yeah here go a blank check, rock yourself out
but in the mean time girl - knock yourself out

oh you modeling momma? (knock yourself out)
wanna let ya hair down? (knock yourself out)
oh you ready to move? (knock yourself out)
what you wanna sit in the coupe? (knock yourself out)
wanna keep on dancing? (knock yourself out)
wanna run in my mansion? (knock yourself out)
sit in v.i.p.? (knock yourself out)
bitch you just wanna be seen (knock yourself out)

now you can knock yourself out like you boxin yourself
or you can get real freaky, start popping yourself
and my watch got so many rocks, when you look at the time
it's sorta like you watching yourself, uhh
front if you want, i puff a few blunts
and take a cruise in a porsche with the trunk in the front
she had the jocko broshure sandals, told her hop in
the coupe blew her mind when she couldn't find the door handles
attitude very high maintenance; check this out ma
i'm running out of my patience
don't sleep with me? then don't speak with me
and never talk bad about niggas that eat with me

oh you modeling momma? (knock yourself out)
wanna let ya hair down? (knock yourself out)
oh you ready to move? (knock yourself out)
what you wanna sit in the coupe? (knock yourself out)
wanna keep on dancing? (knock yourself out)
wanna run in my mansion? (knock yourself out)
sit in v.i.p.? (knock yourself out)
bitch you just wanna be seen (knock yourself out)

ayyo, honey know i'm waiting to leave
keep dancing, cause i like how that ass shake in them capris
i'm like big with the murder mamis up in belize
but i'll still fuck a chickenhead like lil' cease
i don't care if they model, bet they all goin' chill
first nigga to cook base on a foreman grill
and you might win some, but you just lost one
kiss miseducates 'em like lauryn hill
oh you modeling momma? (knock yourself out)
wanna let ya hair down? (knock yourself out)
oh you ready to move? (knock yourself out)
what you wanna sit in the coupe? (knock yourself out)
wanna keep on dancing? (knock yourself out)
wanna run in my mansion? (knock yourself out)
sit in v.i.p.? (knock yourself out)
bitch you just wanna be seen (knock yourself out)
oh you modeling momma? (knock yourself out)
wanna let ya hair down? (knock yourself out)
oh you ready to move? (knock yourself out)
what you wanna sit in the coupe? (knock yourself out)
wanna keep on dancing? (knock yourself out)
wanna run in my mansion? (knock yourself out)
sit in v.i.p.? (knock yourself out)
bitch you just wanna be seen (knock yourself out)
oh you modeling momma? (knock yourself out)
are you ready to move
wanna keep on dancing? (knock yourself out)

uh huh! i ain't even good with writing
i don't even write shit
i just felt, i had to write this letter to big
niggas is acting like.................. letter to big
uh, yo

dear christopher "frank white" wallace
yeah it's your boy kiss i just want to holla
in your memory i keep the coogi in my closet
kangol on the rack, a fresh pair of wallies
you know i'm still the liquor and the weed child
and still got branson on speed dial
and everybody's the king now
you ain't gotta be nice getting shot is the thing now
mafia was doing their best, they separated
now roc and gutta doing a stretch, uh, yeah
kim is still in it to win it
i seen money l awhile ago but i ain't heard from cease in a minute
people in power is queer
i could go on for a year 'bout how it would be if you were still here
the game got cheaper, rappers is more commercially successful now
but the heart's a lot weaker
you know me still got the flow that'll pop speakers
first option on offense the top feature
it's easy big all you need is a pro-tool set
and i ain't touch the paper that i was supposed to yet
everybody that's somebody show respect
only a matter of time before they notice that (just a matter of time, matter of time)
i'm an impeccable lyricist
and with the right mechanics, i could take over be clear of this
they well aware of kiss the light of the city
and i ain't on the label no more but i'm tighter with diddy
i got my own plan handle mine like a grown man
long as i know i'm nice, fuck it i'm my own fan
remixed the joints you had
but, they could never ever duplicate your swag (never)
meanwhile i'm a keep it so on my lil' plans
and you might bump into a few of my lil' mans
up there stepping with god
and down here mister cee in bk still repping you hard
t-yanna so pretty, cj turned into a lil' biggie
just a little lighter but so witty
on your born day, we get the highest
groovy still the best with the garments, he keep me the flyest
tonight, patron is dead
only right that i take a bottle of bacardi limon to the head
and before i end it, i gotta say thanks
cause not only was your time well-spent, it was splendid (thanks)
miss you, my nigga
one love (so we tried to hard to understand)

so we tried to hard to understand, why you had to go away
(that was my letter to b.i.g., nah'mean?)
you were everything - you were everything
(i felt it was only right, i really smoked with them niggas)

so we'll just keep our heads to the sky (drink wit 'em)
(sat wit 'em, talked wit 'em)
cause we know we're gonna see you in the next lifetime (real shit)
but it's never easy saying good-bye
(see you when i get there, biggie)
saying - good-bye (love you)

so we tried to hard to understand, why you had to go away
you were everything (why you had to go away?)
so we tried to hard to understand, why you had to go away
you were everything (oooo-hooo-oooo-hooo-oooo-hoooo...)

what am i (a real nigga)
this coupe i'm in cost a quarter mil, nigga
niggas hating, i feel niggas
ak-47 locked and loaded 'bout to kill niggas
(huh now what you say) i'm 'bout to kill niggas
(huh now what you say) i'm 'bout to kill niggas
(huh now what you say) i'm 'bout to kill niggas
ak-47 locked and loaded 'bout to kill niggas

real niggas love me bitches they ain't never stop
hating niggas fuck them they can eat a bunch of cock
i'ma move this white shit all you do is punch the clock
nobody arrested all they did was rush the block
do it for my realies 'cause they the ones who feel me
til god calls for me or 1 of these niggas kill me
as far as the rap game go, i'm the achilles
last man standing, quit flipping, fast gramming
my back against the wall what i do blast cannon
pre-meditated, i already planned it
let you see that barrel burner to your eye
it's assault if he lives but it's murder if he die (fuck him)

what am i (a real nigga)
this coupe i'm in cost a quarter mil, nigga
niggas hating, i feel niggas
ak-47 locked and loaded 'bout to kill niggas
(huh now what you say) i'm 'bout to kill niggas
(huh now what you say) i'm 'bout to kill niggas
(huh now what you say) i'm 'bout to kill niggas
ak-47 locked and loaded 'bout to kill niggas

don’t start no shit won’t be no shit
she a cancer i hit her with the chemo dick
i’m married to the mob my tuxedo fit
now can you treat a blood like a mosquito bitch
i’m the exterminator they call me terminator
i cock this motherfucker back and arnold schwarzenegger
i'm still a martian, nigga, approach with caution, nigga
i'm 'bout to kill 'em baby no abortion nigga
toss a nigga in a river wearing cement shoes
smokin' quarters and pounds i'm on my ps & qs
and my redbone taste like strawberry shortcake
i'm still trying to find a pain pill for heart break
i'm in this bitch kush in this swish
i'm with my niggas, y'all witnesses
yeah, rip to them fake niggas
uhh, vip for my skate niggas, tunechi

what am i (a lil nigga, still do it bigger than shaquille, nigga)
niggas hating, i feel niggas
ak-47 locked and loaded 'bout to kill niggas

what am i (a real nigga)
this coupe i'm in cost a quarter mil, nigga
niggas hating, i feel niggas
ak-47 locked and loaded 'bout to kill niggas
(huh now what you say) i'm 'bout to kill niggas
ak-47 locked and loaded 'bout to kill niggas

a-ha, uh, yeah, yo

i'm the nigga with the perpetual oyster bars
mother of pearl delivery, voice of god
and it's hard just being the boss
being i can't go to jail 'cause them years'll cost me
don't get me wrong, lay a nigga down if he force me
i'd rather just sit back and roll a dutch
think about how i'ma put the game in the cobra clutch
think about how i'ma get the 'caine over customs
never underestimate niggas or over-trust them, uh
yeah, them ms is right in my face
i just gotta throw my timbs on and tighten my lace
if it don't jam, the tec will spray
when i spit, everybody gotta split like pepper spray
'cause i'm a nigga that hate to settle
and i'm a man of the lord, but i still can't shake the devil
moved away and still can't escape the ghetto, what?

the time to talk is up, so bring the heat, playtime is over
while you're runnin' your mouth, i'm creepin' up over your shoulder
a gun, a knife, a bat, a brick, anything i can get my hands on
call my bluff, start acting up and i'll leave you underground

i know how to get my peers off me
make 'em cry and die from high blood pressure 'cause tears are salty
it's a symptom if you bobbing your head, you know that he's sick
you know the flow is ridic', now throw him a grip
when i get it, you already know i'm throwing them bricks
putting purple everywhere, daddy, i'm throwing them nicks
that's right, homie, you can't move me
i ain't going nowhere, i'm in the hood like bootleg movies
all you shooting is the breeze, a bootleg uzi
i'm just waiting on a q like suzie, don't lose me
these penitentiary chances that i take
should be able to get the mansion by the lake
but i invest my bread into something else
into something else that'll make something melt
you just got to feel the kid
if not rap, for the fact of how real he is, what up?

the time to talk is up, so bring the heat, playtime is over
while you're runnin' your mouth, i'm creepin' up over your shoulder
a gun, a knife, a bat, a brick, anything i can get my hands on
call my bluff, start acting up and i'll leave you underground

niggas know the champ is in here
he took it from crack to rap, now he put out two anthems a year
and i just want to rock for a century
and then chase the book with the documentary
if you can't do nothing other than flow
life's a bitch like the mother from blow, let's go
don't make me put your heart in your lap
fuck riding the beat, nigga, i parallel park on the track
hop out looking crispy, fresh and new
in the six, but it's a bm and it's pepsi blue
and, i don't know you
but i know a man becomes a man from all the shit that he go through
y'all ain't fuckin' with jason
after i cash in, there's really no justification
of how i'm gon' change the game, so don't get out of line
'cause this little nine will change your frame, what up?

the time to talk is up, so bring the heat, playtime is over
while you're runnin' your mouth, i'm creepin' up over your shoulder
a gun, a knife, a bat, a brick, anything i can get my hands on
call my bluff, start acting up and i'll leave you underground

uh-huh, real life shit
na'mean, true story
feel me, matter of fact still feel me
uh, yeah

ayo, past few years shit got so ill
kinda hard for the god to laugh through tears
i went through something with momma, no drama
something that came and went, real life karma
my pop think his son is deserting him, its hurtin him
guess i gotta be the man, sit down and work with him
my little boy 7, he the sequel to the thug
so i told him the money will never equal the love
listen i'm grown y'all
when it comes to my family it ain't never a problem, it's only a phone call
they tend to take that and run with it
so every other month i be on some new phone, new number shit
they violated stay again
gus totaled the beamer and broke kay leg again
shhh, let us pray again
and i ain't get enough of hanging in the local bars yet
had to let the thing off, 'cross town in the projects
all these rumors and shit, i ain't get robbed yet
bitch ass niggas ain't stop acting like broads yet
in arm reach off a gun and a mask
somebody clipped me for a hundred in cash
still feel me, i hit the road try to get more grip
it was cool 'til a muh'fucking tour bus flipped
uh, no charges brought up, bitch popped up with a kid
got caught up, then i put a court up
now the road to the riches is taking me longer
it ain't kill yet so it making me stronger
i don't know if its the hate, frustration, or hunger
that keep a nigga going, rapping for a reason
shit don't just don't happen, shit happens for a reason
i'm that dude, like it or love it
i do my thing in the hood, and get right with a budget
ain't afraid to give my life to the public
and when you see me next time maybe we can further discuss
how my 16's give you a visual
i know you thinking he ain't really selling, how he live off residuals
but right now the game is pitiful
niggas is lonely, they need company 'cause they miserable
yeah, uh-huh shit it still real b
that's why i want you to still feel me

still feel me, one, i'm out

 (jadakiss)
oooh babe, oooh babe, oooh babe (gets even better) baby
oooh babe, oooh babe, can't stop me baby!
oooh babe, oooh babe, oooh babe, baby
oooh babe, oooh babe, can't stop me baby!

ummm hmmm yes i does that
stays hot i ain't gotta get my buzz back
what everybody tryin to be now i was that
they could never stop me, that's why i love rap
been livin the life, crazy ice
hit the baddest chicks in the world, maybe twice
the swag, the gear, the bread
all the whips is a year ahead i only fear the feds
forty five on the other side of the peep hole
head shot from point blank call it a free throw
funny cause i had the +vision+ since coleco
back then, still ain't reach my peak though
louis loafers, polo peak coat
call me, whenever the bosses meet yo
uh, i drove papi crazy
so the industry never 'gon stop me baby

you can't stop me now you can't stop me
no you can't stop me now you can't stop me
you can't stop me now you can't stop me (you, can't, stop, me baby)
you can't stop me now you can't stop me
no you can't stop me now you can't stop me
you can't stop me now you can't stop me (you, can't, stop, me baby)

yo, i'm a call it confidence cause i ain't cocky
i just know one thing they can't stop me
whether i'm on 5th or l.a. at the swap meet
it's all good cause i know the gangstas got me
first things first the jars are broccoli
i treat the rap game like a large monopoly
one on one, niggas can't guard me properly
and when they double team me the odds are sloppy
i move like them eighty milograms of oxy
send your sister back to your family knock kneed
got too hot for the grams who got weed?
in the rap bracket he remains the top seed
revolver holds six, quick to blow three
audio heroin so you don't o.d
shooters know you, but you don't know me
the block is crazy can't stop me baby, uh!

you can't stop me now you can't stop me
no you can't stop me now you can't stop me
you can't stop me now you can't stop me (you, can't, stop, me baby)
you can't stop me now you can't stop me
no you can't stop me now you can't stop me
you can't stop me now you can't stop me (you, can't, stop, me baby)

yo, once i start, i ain't 'gon stop the squeezin
and the gauze ain't 'gon be able to stop the bleedinn
and your girl ain't 'gon be able to stop the wheezin (nah)
when she get that phone call from the doc, we even
you could not stop me, so stop believin
ringtone rap, this is not the season
punch lines hard enough to stop your breathin
and the ladies'll still pay a lot to see him
i'm a get rich long as i got my freedom
usually when you get hit it's for a reason
if you in the hood, better dodge the ds'and
watch your qs'and, be on your ps' and
thank y'all all for comin out this evening
havin a good time with your liquor and treason
even if they knock me, then continue to watch me
they still wouldn't be able to stop me
what?

you can't stop me now you can't stop me
no you can't stop me now you can't stop me
you can't stop me now you can't stop me (you, can't, stop, me baby)
you can't stop me now you can't stop me
no you can't stop me now you can't stop me
you can't stop me now you can't stop me (you, can't, stop, me baby)

uh, uh, uh, neo, da matrix!
they can't stop me
(you, can't, stop, me baby)
i'm too strong, too strong! way too strong
(you can't stop me babyyyy...)
they can't stop me! hahahaha!
ha-heeh!! (nooo..., can't stop me baby)
heheh...yep

think i'm talkin' 'bout some money?
niggas on my comments page sayin' "damn diddy, leave some for the rest of us." (uhuh)
nigga you don't hustle you don't eat! (point blank)
you don't hustle you don't eat, nigga! (fuck that!)
hustle hard, you ain't never goin' hustle hard as me. (top 5)
you think i do this shit for the money? (ha-haaaeeh!)
i do it 'caus-

waited for luck it never landed (nah)
stuck on your block forever stranded (yeah)
i live by the 10 crack commandments
either you earn respect or you demand it
it’s the liquors vs the reefers
it’s the angel versus the reaper (uh)
you might not know but it gets deeper
you heard my name on the last verse of ether (woo!)
you gotta come to the hood if you want to reach us
i’ll lay you down in the earth right underneath us
same town just the poor parts
'cause the beggars will disappear when the war starts
i’m still out here dog, i got war scars
you know me i'm from the bottom where the floor starts
when you street smart money your report card
i got the deck now i can pull a boss card (top 5...)

just listen
just listen
i'm giving you the blueprint to get it out here (uh-huh)
and you don't want to do what it takes. (nah)
you want to stunt on your instagram- (these niggas is playin')
-takin' your motherfuckin' selfies and you ain't hustling hard (yeah)
ha-haaaeeh! ha-haaaeeh!

yeah, by any means whatever it takes (whatever)
more or less life or death whatever the case
it's all about your stamina it's never the race
re the bank back up if you ever ace (uh)
hate so official they try fending you (uh)
when you die they don’t miss you they just remember you (yeah)
i sat down with the devil and did an interview (ha)
i shot rounds with the rebels i'm with the criminals
i put an end to you (yeah)
i save all the small talk for the interludes
i ain't finna lose i’m in a winning mood
i'm with the winning dudes  (uh)
we good in every hood, my niggas been approved
too much air, nigga, they gonna pop your inner tube
the works a1, yeah nigga and it moves
40s of coke in the sports bar
i’m still shining like the north star (uh)
you just another nigga lost pa (yup)
i got the deck now i can pull a boss card (top 5...)

khardier da god

they been slaughtered, ain't nothin' even (nothin')
it's a war goin' on but ain't nothin' bleedin' (nah)
if it ain't nothin' comin' in, then ain't nothin' leavin' (yeah)
when i think of all these rappers, it's huntin' season (haha)

for my thugs in the cage (one love), slugs in the gauge
they just want a couple likes, a lil' love on they page (this shit is crazy)
that just makes me wanna hollow a brother
we supposed to be leaders, then why y'all wanna follow each other? (why?)
in my resume, couldn't tell you all that i did (uh-uh)
i've got a couple rappers heads on the wall of my crib (real talk)
head huntin', so that means they goin' all in your wig
i make millions, when i die, i leave it all to my kids
one eye in the scope, just for accurate zoomin'
i'm in the hood with the live bait and tackle for humans (i got it)
on that same exact block, i had them packages movin'
last year i broke my crossbow, i need me a new one
always know where you at, when you with a nigga (yeah)
old school bear traps for the bigger niggas (haha)
yeah, don't try to say i ain't warn you
ain't nobody safe, i'm hittin' niggas, huntin' season

they been slaughtered, ain't nothin' even
it's a war goin' on but ain't nothin' bleedin'
if it ain't nothin' comin' in, then ain't nothin' leavin'
when i think of all these rappers, it's huntin' season
yeah, huntin' season, it's huntin' season
when i think of all these rappers, it's huntin' season
yeah, huntin' season, it's huntin' season
when i think of all these rappers, it's huntin' season, yeah (push)

the greatest rapper with the least sold, no repos
taxman ain't at my peephole, here's a kilo
to the victor goes the spoils like i'm oladipo
all the record label cheat codes, none for me though
shout to ebro, and fine rhyme lovers who don't buy it
petition but don't riot, the critics be so quiet
to question my content is nonsense
it undermines all i've accomplished
they say all's fair in love and war
you say i moved the line just to score, head shot to keep adidas pure
one man army like ason
threw more powder in the air than lebron
i'm sellin' avon, that means the foundation is caked on
you know what this commission is based on, believe me
king push, this is huntin' season
billion streams vs. a billion fiends, now we even (yuugh!)

they been slaughtered, ain't nothin' even
it's a war goin' on but ain't nothin' bleedin'
if it ain't nothin' comin' in, then ain't nothin' leavin', yeah
when i think think of all these rappers, it's huntin' season
yeah, huntin' season, it's huntin' season
when i think of all these rappers, it's huntin' season
yeah, huntin' season, it's huntin' season
when i think of all these rappers, it's huntin' season, yeah

who did it with the goats? (who?) who write they own quotes? (who?)
who really sold dope? jot this down in your notes (i'll wait)
'cause everybody traumatized now
if you notice that's usually when the drama dies down
the bad weather, the rain, keep the homicides down
i ain't sendin' nobody to do it, i'ma slide down (me)
uh, your argument ain't an argument (nah)
this ain't a democracy, it's a parliament (yeah)
when your skills is right, niggas acknowledge it (that's it)
gotta sharpen your steel before you polish it (protocol)
yeah, plain jane on all bezels
trust me, i am with the smoke on all levels
discuss me, i am like the pope in all ghettos
the higher ups are all devils (facts)
can't wait to push the go button
when i think of these rappers, i wanna go huntin'

they been slaughtered, ain't nothin' even
it's a war goin' on but ain't nothin' bleedin'
if it ain't nothin' comin' in, then ain't nothin' leavin'
when i think of all these rappers, it's huntin' season
yeah, huntin' season, it's huntin' season
when i think of all these rappers, it's huntin' season
yeah, huntin' season, it's huntin' season
when i think of all these rappers, it's huntin' season, yeah
they been slaughtered, ain't nothin' even (what?)
it's a war goin' on but ain't nothin' bleedin'
if it ain't nothin' comin' in, then ain't nothin' leavin'
when i think of all these rappers, it's huntin' season
yeah, huntin' season, it's huntin' season
when i think of all these rappers, it's huntin' season
yeah, huntin' season, it's huntin' season
when i think of all these rappers, it's huntin' season, yeah

you hear my huntin' talk, dayzel?
yeah, elmer fudd style
you better have your shotgun loaded, yeah
or you better be able to hide, niggas
it's fair game
there's just an x on your back
out there in the wilderness

when it's all said and done, after they said i've won
all i'm going to say is...

i'm sorry ms. jackson
i am for real
never meant to make your daughter cry
i apologize a trillion times
i'm sorry ms. jackson
i am for real
never meant to make your daughter cry
i apologize a trillion times

tried to diss kiss to the world
and it's your fault cause she said she saw you kissing a girl
the hood was behind her for her whole career
but now they've slightly starting to disappeared
something about that
she's always angry
might have been when them girls trying to push her scalp back
needed some head room
so she went out and bought tyson's mansion with 18 bedrooms
she's a domestic boss
that don't leave no marks though, you got to digest those scars
in fact think you got to tell her to get back
because every kiss rap is similar to a bitch slap
too hard since way back in the school yard
she's hollywood though all she needs is a boobjob
girl in the bubble, didn't mean to trouble her
man but im a calico, im double her
really think you should tell her to chill cause
my resume is longer than a doctor bill was
i did the song with ja rule bigging the city up
she did the magic stick remix with olivia
she got more money but i get busier
think somebody going to end up killing her

when it's all said and done
after they said i've won
all i'm going to say is...

i'm sorry ms. jackson
i am for real
never meant to make your daughter cry
i apologize a trillion times
i'm sorry ms. jackson
i am for real
never meant to make your daughter cry
i apologize a trillion times

hood had love for this bitch
cause she came from south side queens with a thug ass click
bitch got change, and she changed
now she don't fuck with the hood, probably give a nigga brains
bitch got boogie on a nigga
went from the hood to hollywood got a movie on a nigga
bitch talking greasy like new york sting
sucking down south dick that's some new york thing
and the bitch used to be cool, hood even liked the bitch
we used to listen to her gettin’ the weed
she had stories of many men, times in the club and niggas that was wanksta but the truth was to see
bitch ain't shyt, she was real good at bluffing it
ordered protection on the niggas she was fucking with
now that's a ho that you just can't trust
hired cops, that's a ho that you just can't touch
bitch moved out new york when they were swinging them glocks
bitch got a deep voice but she would be singing a lot
bitch would sell her soul just to get on the charts
want to front like she's gangsta but she got no heart
and she going to get hit by the mac and
all in the back and this time i bet the jaw will be cracking
she's going to get broken to fractions d block is the faction
all i can say is im sorry ms. jackson

i'm sorry ms. jackson
i am for real
never meant to make your daughter cry
i apologize a trillion times
i'm sorry ms. jackson
i am for real
never meant to make your daughter cry
i apologize a trillion times

let’s go
k-i-s-s me (uh-huh, yeah, ah)
and i just wanna make…
love (uh-huh) love (yeah) love (ah)
i love it, when you say…
k-i-s-s me (ah)
and i just wanna make…
love, love, love (ah, yeah)

a yo, the crib got your friends working
we travel to france for french curtains, you was there when i was on the bench hurtin’
now that i own my team, it’s only right that i condone my queen
try to show her my dream
and i can’t let her get lost now, she carries the money
the hammer and material across town
and understand she fine, understand she mine
she understand the grind, cooks, clean, and irons
and whatever she wanna push i’mma cosign
and if i ain’t got it already than i’mma go find it
i guess i’mma lucky don, and she’s a lucky queen
cause her jewelry box look likes lucky charms
all color stones and she know that i’m in the hood
but she also knows that i’m coming home
mr. raspy, thought i was in love with money
‘til the first time we getting nasty, ah

k-i-s-s me (uh-huh, yeah, ah)
and i just wanna make…
love (uh-huh) love (yeah) love (ah)
i love it, when you say…
k-i-s-s me (ah)
and i just wanna make…
love, love, love (ah, yeah, ah)

yo, whatever the road to paradise is we on it
gave you your income tax checks so i can get on with
those were the days, these are the times
you held me down with nearly damn near everything, even my rhymes
i will play a song for you and you will let me know exactly
how the ladies will respond from a women’s point of view
and that’s why my girl is with me
i love it when she layin’ in the bed with a pearl long vickie
the next best thing to a soldier
go hard with a fat ass and a head full of rollers
just look in her eyes and tell she’s real
just imagine the way she smell and the way she feel
the sex was crazy then and crazy still
and you know i’m from the streets so its crazy ill
and we waiting on the new island, we been to all them
four-five times, come on, mommy, you whilin’

k-i-s-s me (uh-huh, yeah, ah)
and i just wanna make…
love (uh-huh) love (yeah) love (ah)
i love it, when you say…
k-i-s-s me (ah)
and i just wanna make…
love, love, love (ah)

when things was ruff only person i could call was you
now everything i do i do it all for you, ah
come touch me, come kiss me
come love me anyway you wanna, boy
and i’m hood as long as i’m close to you
and we doin’ what grown folks is suppose to do
come hold me, come feel me
come take me anyway you wanna, boy

a yo, the money is great, but what we got is more better
we got the four letters when it comes from the heart, it’s more pleasure
and for the fact that you trust me still
those far i appreciate what we build
all the minks that i bought you that dragged the floor
and all the nights you sat up and bagged the roar
damn, i’m thinking that you gotta hate it, but yet and still
you tolerate it (we gon’ make it)
that’s why ma we gotta make it (we gon’ make it)

k-i-s-s me (uh-huh, yeah, ah)
and i just wanna make…
love (uh-huh) love (yeah) love (ah)
i love it, when you say…
k-i-s-s me (ah)
and i just wanna make…
love, love, love (ah)

(take it, baby)
k-i-s-s me (uh-huh, yeah, ah)
(kiss me, hold me)
and i just wanna make…
love, love (yeah) love (ah)
(touch me, feel me)
i love it, when you say…
k-i-s-s me (ah)
and i just wanna make…
love, love, love (ah)
you make me say ahhh
(this is passion, this is passion)

yo, take a second
what if we could rewind the hood?
better yet, what if the lox woulda signed with suge?
what if puffy never signed us?
what if oprah made them comments like imus?
what if you designed this?
thought like i did, said it like this
what if peyton was fightin' dogs instead of mike vick?
what if arnold woulda just let tookie get life?
what if big missed the party?
what if pac missed the fight?
what if you was caged in?
what would you change then?
what if there was no rockefeller law for made men?
what if the hate ran through me?
and what if portland woulda drafted jordan instead of sam bowie?
what if you really had to be nice to get a deal?
what if all of these rappers ice was really real?
what if i hit you wit the razor from cheek to chin?
what if mike jackson never woulda bleached his skin?
(hook) jadakiss 2x
what if you neva knew things that you needed to know?
what if you neva been places you needed to go?
what if you get there and learn them as you go?
what if is the question, can i ask them once more?

what if the pain went away?
what if you changed in a day?
what if you could eliminate all the games people played?
what if shyne beat the case?
what if diddy did a dime flat?
what if nelson mandela could give his time back?
what if malcolm was silent?
what if martin was violent?
what if you could really sneak a uzi on the island?
yeah, what if i made you kiss the nina?
what if a brick was only just a misdemeanor?
what if manhattan was hit by hurricane katrina?
what if a black man was the one controllin' fema?
what if we ain't never let emotions come between us?
what if the last time we rode somebody seen us?
(hook) jadakiss 2x

yo, i flow calm but don't push
what if saddam hung bush?
what if 'one mic' was called one hook?
what if the bridge never showed me how to hold a weapon?
what if i ran up in that sick chick with no protection?
what if i never wore an army jacket?
carhartt to match it, unlaced timbs
the hood on my first album cover under plastic
what if i was another corny rapper?
what if i went instead of notorious?
who would tell my story after?
what if i love less and lust more?
if obama was on rushmore
would ali give tyson a bust jaw?
what if i never glared out that project window?
would neva be scared for the life of me and my kinfolk
what if that gun pin broke?
i would never laid back in the enzo, all red
what if real niggas was all dead?
what if hilary and them was reptilian?
and 2012 was the end of men and all world civilians?
(hook) jadakiss 2x

one
the headphones is on fire this time around, styles
my blood pressure is building
yo, last time i'ma tell these niggas, man
niggas can't fuck around, man
jada, man, whoever, old nigga, new nigga, what?
yo, yo, yo

who really the best rapper since b.i.g. ain't here?
y'all know the answer to that when kiss in here
when you see me, don't ask me nothin' about us
and don't definitely ask me nothin' about—
fuck it, you owe me one, i owe you two
i woulda smacked you with the burner, but i know you'd sue
and i ain't talkin' to him, i'm talkin' to you
matter of fact, talkin' to y'all, life is like walkin' a yard
niggas will stab you with a fork in the heart
and the source got motherfuckers thinkin' they hot
like my dope got fiends thinkin' they shot
when you thinkin' of the best, nigga, think of the lox
i'll cut your fuckin' hand off if your pinky ring's hot
then come through your block in a sticky green drop
hop out, let off fifty-three shots
wouldn't care if i hit fifty-three cops
giuliani might as well be murkin' niggas
'cause the time that he givin' out is hurtin' niggas
and all these record labels jerkin' niggas
and you never was a thug, you's a workin' nigga
and you heard that shit right there? i started that
don't make me put somethin' up in your starter hat
no matter who you are or where you from
screw all of that, i'm not tryin' to hear that, son

who the fuck y'all want? (jadakiss)
and who the fuck y'all need? (jadakiss)
and who the fuck gon' bleed? all y'all haters
'cause none of y'all niggas can't fuck with jada
who the fuck y'all want? (jadakiss)
and who the fuck y'all need? (jadakiss)
and who the fuck gon' bleed? all y'all haters
'cause none of y'all niggas can't fuck with jada

don't you be that clown nigga in the back of the whip
that's gon' get the second half of the clip, know what i'm sayin'?
or be the other nigga in the front of the the whip
runnin' his lips with a gun on his hip, feel me, dawg?
everybody walk the walk 'til they run into kiss
then they get stabbed or hung, or stung with the fifth
how you think your man hard when son on my dick?
'cause i can get his ass bodied plus front him a brick
got a chick named superhead, she give super-head
just moved in the buildin', even gave the super head
i cop big guns that spit super lead
so play superman, end up super dead
call me kiss or the kid from the lox
that'll twist your moms out and do a bid with your pops
we was in jail, you probably won't get no mail
and if you pumped on my block, you won't get no sales
when your ceo know you can't fuck with i
i make a million by june, i'm sayin' fuck july
and i beg you to try me while i'm holdin' the tommy
i'ma have your body all over the lobby
i already helped y'all, i'm about to melt y'all
tell the truth, dawg, i ain't never felt y'all
this album, we gon' bubble like seltzer
if it ain't double r, who the hell else is hard?

who the fuck y'all want? (jadakiss)
and who the fuck y'all need? (jadakiss)
and who the fuck gon' bleed? all y'all haters
'cause none of y'all niggas can't fuck with jada
who the fuck y'all want? (jadakiss)
and who the fuck y'all need? (jadakiss)
and who the fuck gon' bleed? all y'all haters
'cause none of y'all niggas can't fuck with jada
who the fuck y'all want? (jadakiss)
and who the fuck y'all need? (jadakiss)
and who the fuck gon' bleed? all y'all haters
'cause none of y'all niggas can't fuck with jada
who the fuck y'all want? (jadakiss)
and who the fuck y'all need? (jadakiss)
and who the fuck gon' bleed? all y'all haters
'cause none of y'all niggas can't fuck with jada

turn the fuckin beat on!
ha!! yeah, we back! s.d.!
i had to switch back to dom perignon in rap baby!
cock-and-run to stay in the business
son of a bitch! double r, look at me now motherf..
two-thousand-and-one, "kiss the game goodbye" - let's get it on!

it's the j-a-d-a, i got beef with the feds and the d-a
i got footage of the game, press replay
i got bitches in the club all over me, ma take it ea-sy
and y'all scared i can tell
that i'mma get bucks like milwaukee, cause like sam, i ca' sell
i'm that nigga y'all know that
bang you in tha yard then slide off on the early go-back
in the streets i flash the cannon like kodak
and i spray threes, so say cheese
i already told you i'm lookin for enemies
double r, so of course it's better
i love cornrows and farrah fawcett feathers
it's a message in a glass bottle read the letter
money in the bank, membership, visa sweaters
and we ride or d-i-e together

uh uh, come on, put ya hands up
nah, fuck that, put ya hands down
 come on, put ya hands up
nah, fuck that put ya hands down

y'all know i got the master flow, fast or slow
y'all wanna know who the best is? ask ya ho
the honies don't lie they love it
and they cop for real, so trust me dogg, the thugs will dub it
'kiss hit you with consecutive hot shit
therefore nobody ever gon' spit like i spit
get money just to walk through, off the books
so when you mention my name, shit is off the hook
shirts is off, titties is out
and you know when i'm there, hardest niggas in the city is out
i'm in the club, ice over the thermal, waitin' for you to try me-
when the lights get low i'mma burn you
start with straight shots, and then pop bottles
flirt with the hood rats, then pop models
you gotta slay two or more, ma, that's our motto
and y'all might get down with the team if y'all swallow


(muahh) kiss the game goodbye, the game is mine
you thought wrong? change ya mind
i'm the nigga that'll pop the king, and scoop the queen
and take over the town with a ruthless team
new s-type wagon, future green
gun heavy, pants saggin, i'm used to cream
who you know can make a million dollar bail on cash?
never did a day and got the jails on smash., k-i double
i move the perico quick, and let the manteca bubble
'kiss been a boss, y'all just start workin
now put ya hands up 'til ya'll arms start hurtin
and don't put 'em down 'til i tell you
whoever wanna be hard headed'll find out what the shells do
now you can put 'em down if you want
but soon as the hook come back put 'em up!