mm, yeah
check it out, baby
make it hot, then we drop it
uh, yeah
uptown, you know how we do it
yeah, you know
make it hot

it's our first time together and i'm feeling kinda horny
conventional methods of makin' love kinda bore me
i wanna knock your block off, get my rocks off
blow your socks off, make sure your g spot's soft
i'ma call you big daddy and scream your name
matter fact, i can't wait for your candy rain
so whatchu sayin'? i get my swerve on, bring it live
make it last forever, damn, the kitty cat's tight
mmm, daddy, slow down your flow
put it on me like a g, baby, nice and slow
i need a rough neck nigga, mandingo in the sack
who ain't afraid to pull my hair and spank me from the back
no doubt, i'm the playa that you're talkin' about
mmm, but do you really think that you can work it out?
i guarantee, shorty, it's real, baby, stick it out
here comes the man of steel
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
i represent queens, she was raised out in brooklyn
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
i represent queens, she was raised out in brooklyn

i'm in the mix now, searching for the right spot
to hit now, get down
damn, i love a dick down, you use a rubber?
damn right
you are my lover
all night
the putty good to you? word to momma
mad tight
the only thing left to do is climax
let's make it last
word, we ain't goin' out like that
all this time, you been tellin' me that you was a don
i tried to warn you, girl, you wouldn't listen
now let's get it on
mmm, you make me wild, don't do that
chill, wait a minute, baby, let me please you back
you talk a good one, shorty, now you're makin' me sweat
how a live nigga like it, girl?
nice and wet
we get it on to the break of dawn, damn, you're large
how a big girl like it, daddy?
nice and hard
safe sexin' it, flexin' it, gettin' that affectionate
chewin' it, oohin' it, all while we're doin' it
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
i represent queens, she was raised out in brooklyn
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
i represent queens, she was raised out in brooklyn

baby, i wanna hit it in the worst way
make it hot
schemin' on the ass since the first day
don't stop
damn, i love it when you talk like that
make it bounce, sugar
long as you can bounce me back
more flesh than the greek fest
roll up the sess
pass the hennessy
put my body to the test
wait, wait, daddy, many niggas ago
i was a young girl listening to how you flow
now's my chance to hit you off, daddy, i'm grown
from the back, from the side
right, i'm in the zone
one of a kind when it's time to do mine
camcorder and the whole shit
press rewind
let it flow on the screen while we puffs the l
layin' back in the cut while we're under the spell
word life, i like the way the ep went down
go to sleep, tomorrow i'll take you back downtown
we'll be...
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
i represent queens, she was raised out in brooklyn
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
i represent queens, she was raised out in brooklyn

doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
i represent queens, she was raised out in brooklyn
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well
i represent queens, she was raised out in brooklyn 

c'mon, man
and with the local dbc news
ll cool j with a triumphant comeback
word (but tonight—)

don't call it a comeback, i been here for years
i'm rocking my peers, putting suckas in fear
making the tears rain down like a monsoon
listen to the bass go boom
explosions, overpowering
over the competition, i'm towering
wrecking shop when i drop
these lyrics that'll make you call the cops
don't you dare stare, you better move
don't ever compare
me to the rest that'll all get sliced and diced
competition's paying the price

i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
don't you call this a regular jam
i'm gonna rock this land
i'm gonna take this itty-bitty world by storm
and i'm just getting warm
just like muhammad ali, they called him cassius
watch me bash this beat like a skull
that you know i had beef with
why do you riff with me? the maniac psycho
and when i pull out my jammy get ready 'cause it might go blaow
how ya like me now?
the ripper will not allow
you to get with, mr. smith, don't riff
listen to my gear shift
i'm blasting, outlasting
kinda like shaft, so you could say i'm shafting
olde english filled my mind
and i came up with a funky rhyme

i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh), breakdown
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie (yeah)
gangster boogie, gangster boogie (yeah)
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie (uh)
gangster boogie, gangster boogie (huh)

shadow boxing when i heard you on the radio
uh, i just don't know
what made you forget that i was raw?
but now i got a new tour
i'm going insane
starting the hurricane, releasing pain
letting you know that you can't gain
i maintain unless ya say my name
ripping, killing, digging and drilling a hole
pass the ol' gold

i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
shotgun blasts are heard
when i rip and kill at will
the man of the hour, tower of power
i'll devour
i'm gonna tie you up and let you
understand that i'm not your average man
when i got a jammy in my hand
damn
ooh, listen to the way i slay
your crew
damage, uh, damage, uh
damage, uh, damage
destruction, terror, and mayhem
pass me a sissy-soft sucka, i'll slay him
farmers (what?) farmers (what?)
i'm ready (we ready)
i think i'm gonna bomb a town (get down)
don't you never, ever, pull my lever
'cause i explode
and my nine is easy to load
i gotta thank god
'cause he gave me the strength to rock hard

knock you out
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)

gangster boogie, gangster boogie (damn)
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie

they all fell
they all—
the— they all fell
they all fell
i excel— they all fell
i excel— they all fell
i excel— they all fell
i excel 

when i'm alone in my room sometimes i stare at the wall
and in the back of my mind i hear my conscience call
telling me i need a girl who's as sweet as a dove
for the first time in my life, i see i need love
there i was giggling about the games
that i had played with many hearts, and i'm not saying no names
then the thought occured, tear drops made my eyes burn
as i said to myself, "look what you've done to her"
i can feel it inside, i can't explain how it feels
all i know is that i'll never dish another raw deal
playing make-believe pretending that i'm true
holding in my laugh as i say that i love you
saying amor kissing you on the ear
whispering, "i love you and i'll always be here"
although i often reminisce i can't believe that i found
a desire for true love floating around
inside my soul because my soul is cold
one half of me deserves to be this way 'til i'm old
but the other half needs affection and joy
and the warmth that is created by a girl and a boy

i need love
i need love
romance, sheer delight, how sweet?
i gotta find me a girl to make my life complete
you can scratch my back, we'll get cozy and huddle
i'll lay down my jacket so you can walk over a puddle
i'll give you a rose, pull out your chair before we eat
kiss you on the cheek and say, "ooh girl, you're so sweet"
it's deja vu whenever i'm with you
i could go on forever telling you what i do
but where you at? you're neither here or there
i swear i can't find you anywhere
damn sure you ain't in my closet, or under my rug
this love search is really making me bug
and if you know who you are why don't you make yourself seen?
take the chance with my love and you'll find out what i mean
fantasies can run, but they can't hide
and when i find you i'm gon' pour all my love inside

i need love
i need love

i wanna kiss you, hold you, never scold, you just love you
suck on you neck, caress you and rub you
grind, moan and never be alone
if you're not standing next to me you're on the phone
can't you hear it in my voice? i need love bad
i've got money, but love's something i've never had
i need your ruby red lips sweet face and all
i love you more than a man who's 10 feet tall
i'd watch the sunrise in your eyes
we're so in love when we hug we become paralyzed
our bodies explode in ecstasy unreal
you're as soft as a pillow and i'm as hard as steel
it's like a dream land, i can't lie, i never been there
maybe this is an experience that me and you can share
clean and unsoiled yet sweaty and wet
i swear to you this is something i'll never forget
i need love
i need love

see what i mean? i've changed, i'm no longer
a playboy on the run, i need something that's stronger
friendship, trust, honor, respect, admiration
this whole experience has been such a revelation
it's taught me love and how to be a real man
to always be considerate and do all i can
protect you, you're my lady and you mean so much
my body tingles all over from the slightest touch
of your hand and understand i'll be frozen in time
till we meet face to face and you tell me you're mine
if i find you, girl, i swear i'll be a good man
i'm not gonna leave it in destiny's hands
i can't sit and wait for my princess to arrive
i gotta struggle and fight to keep my dream alive
i'll search the whole world for that special girl
when i finally find you watch our love unfurl

i need love
i need love
girl, listen to me. when i be sitting in my room all alone, staring at the wall
fantasies, they go through my mind, and i've come to realize that i need true love
and if you wanna give it to me, girl, make yourself seen. i'll be waiting
i love you 

you got me shook up, shook down, shook out on your loving
on your loving

i want a girl with extensions in her hair
bamboo earrings, at least two pair
a fendi bag and a bad attitude
that's all i need to get me in a good mood
she can walk with a switch and talk with street slang
i love it when a woman ain't scared to do her thing
standing at the bus stop sucking on a lollipop
once she gets pumping, it's hard to make the hottie stop
she likes to dance to the rap jam
she's sweet as brown sugar with the candied yams
honey-coated complexion, using camay
let's hear it for the girl, she's from around the way

i need an around the way girl (around the way girl)
that's the one for me (she's the only one for me)
i need an around the way girl
you got me shook up, shook down, shook out on your loving

silky, milky, her smile is like sunshine
that's why i had to dedicate at least one rhyme
to all the cuties in the neighborhood
'cause if i didn't tell you then another brother would
you're sweet like sugar with your gangster talk
want to eat you like a cookie when i see you walk
with your rayon, silk or maybe even denim
it really doesn't matter as long as you're in 'em
you can break hearts and manipulate minds
or surrender, act tender, be gentle and kind
you always know what to say and do
cold flip when you think your man is playing you
not cheap or petty, you're ready for loving
you're real independent, so your parents be bugging
but if you ever need a place to stay (on your loving)
come around my way
i need an around the way girl (around the way girl)
that's the one for me (she's the only one for me, to the bridge)
i need an around the way girl
you got me shook up, shook down, shook out on your loving

perm in your hair or even a curly weave
with your new edition bobby brown button on your sleeve
i tell you come here, you say meet me half way
'cause brothers been popping that game all day
around the way, you're like a neighborhood jewel
all the homeboys sweat you, so you're crazy cool
wear your gold in the summer with your bikin' shorts
while you watching all the brothers on the basketball court
going to the movies with your homegirl's crew
while the businessmen in suits be hawking you
baby hair pumping, lip gloss is shining
i think you in the mood for wining and dining
so we can go out and eat somewhere
we got a lot of private jokes to share
lisa, angela, pamela, renee (on your loving)
i love you, you're from around the way

i need an around the way girl (around the way girl)
that's the one for me (she's the only— you got me sh—)
i need an around the way girl (an around the way girl)
fine as can be (on your loving), she's all i ask
i need an around the way girl (around the way girl)
that's the one for me
i need an around the way girl (an around the way—)
fine as can be (way)
you got me shook up, shook down, shook out on your loving
you got me shook up, shook down, shook out—
you got me shook up, shook down, shook out on your loving
you got me shook up, shook down, shook out—
you got me shook up, shook down, shook out on your loving
you got me shook up, shook down, shook out—
you got me shook up, shook down, shook out on your loving
you got me shook up, shook down, shook out—
you got me shook up, shook down, shook out on your loving
you got me shook up, shook down, shook out— 

ay carumba
i'm gonna bankhead bounce
no doubt
watch your mouth

ayo, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven
blaze the hot trizack that sound like heaven
seven, six, five, four to three, two, one
mo'mon, meth-tical, come and get some

playing my position, hot nick, son
this one, for all the sick ones, infliction
poisonous darts sickenin', best believe
finger itchin' with two broke legs, now i'm trippin'
on mc's cliche, shot that ricochets
start trouble, bust bubbles, hip to wicked ways
gotta love me, g-o-d, no one above me
look good but fuck ugly
tap your jaw from my punch buggy sonning you
got you shittin' in your last huggie, running who?
fuckin' punk, get a speed bump coming through
a single shot make yo' meat lump, respect wu
yo, ayo, i put it on a nigga, shitted on a nigga
turn a christian to a certified sinner
the bomb i release, time pent up (explode)
when you got sent up i was hitting your ex ho
shit, i kept low, petro' your metro
politic, keep the chickenheads gobblin'
shit i'm driving in come with fog halogen
terrorize your city from the spliff committee
kick ass 'til both timberlands turn shitty
gritty, smack the driver's head in the gypsy
when i approach, rappers be taking notes
i drop like i shoulda invented the raincoat
absolute, i love to burn to the roots
i keep cummin' 'til your pour sperm from your boots
vigilante hardcore to the penis
tell you, "fuck you", my attitude is anaemic
i'm the illest nigga alive, watch me prove it
i snatch your crown with ya head still attached to it
canibus is the type who'll fight for mics
beating niggas to death and beating dead niggas to life
when you look at me long enough, i'll start to read your thoughts
if the signal was strong enough, and then i'll call your bluff
like, "yo, how many rhymes you got?"
i could go on for more millenniums than mazda's got on the car lot
and there's nowhere to run to, when i confront ya
nigga, i call your bluff like it had a phone number
who wanna see canibus get wild?
who wanna act fly and get shot down with a surface-to-air missile?
i take 'em on in all shapes, sizes and forms and spit on
anybody who ain't close enough to shit on
zero to sixty? i'm already doin' a hundred when i'm blunted
and i give it to any nigga that want it
stay out the dark, 'cause if i catch you when the sun is down
run it clown, come up off that, or i'm gon' gun it down
run it now, however it's gon' go, it's gon' be that
see that, that shit'll finish you, dog, believe that
where we at? do you value your life as much as your possessions?
don't be a stupid nigga, learn a lesson
i'm gon' get you either way, and it's better to live
let me get what's between your sock 'cause it's better to give
than receive, believe what i say when i tell you
don't make me put you somewhere where nobody'll smell you
and when the lights is out, they don't come back on
this ain't a flick, you ain't gon' come back on, you ain't that strong
you knew it was wrong, but you asked for it, baby
you's a big nigga, ski mask for it, baby
so i can hit you up on front street, you think i'm sweet
want heat, one deep, leave him behind, front seat

ayo, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven
blaze the hot trizack, shine like heaven
seven, six, five, four, three, two, one
come on, mr. smith, come get some (some, some, some)
when young sons fantasize of borrowing flows
tell little shorty with the big mouth the bank is closed (ha, word up)
the symbol on my arm is off limits to challengers
you hold the rusty swords, i swing the excalibur
how dare you step up in my dimension (uh-huh)
your little ass should be somewhere crying on detention
watch your mouth, better yet, hold your tongue (uh)
i'ma do this shit for free this time, this one's for fun
blow you to pieces, leave you covered in feces
with one thesis (ll cool j is hard)
every little boy wanna pick up the mic
and try to run with the big boys and live up to the real hype
but that's like picking up a ball, playing with mike (uh-huh)
swingin' at ken griffey or challenging roy to a fight (uh)
snapping, you amateur mc's
don't you know i'm like the dream team touring overseas?
for rappers in my circle, i'm a deadly disease
ringmaster, bringing a tiger cub to his knees (uh)
in the history of rap, they've never seen such prominence
your naive confidence gets crushed by my dominance (word up)
now let's get back to this mic on my arm
if it ever left my side, it'd transform into a time bomb
you don't wanna borrow that, you wanna idolize
and you don't wanna make me mad, nigga, you wanna socialize
and i'm daring every mc in the game
to play yourself out position, and mention my name (ll)
i make a rhyme for every syllable in your name
go platinum for every time your grimy ass was on the train
watch your mouth, don't ever step out of line
ll cool j, nigga, greatest of all time 

calling all cars, calling all cars...
be on the lookout for a tall light-skinned brother with dimples
wearing a black kangol, sweatsuit, gold chain, and sneakers.
last seen on farmers boulevard headed east.
alias l.l. cool j. he's bad...

aaaahhhhhhhhhh
no rapper can rap quite like i can
i'll take a musclebound man and put his face in the sand
not the last mafioso, i'm a mc cop
make you say "go ll," and do the wop
if you think you can outrhyme me, yeah boy i bet
cause i ain't met a motherfucker who can do that yet
trendsetter, i'm better, my rhymes are good
i got a gold nameplate that says "i wish you would"
and when battles begin then i gotta join in and
before my rhyme is over, you know i'mma win
cool j has arrived so you better make way
ask anybody in the crowd, they say the kid don't play
slaughter competition, that's my hobby and job
i don't wear a disguise because i don't owe the mob
got a pinpoint rap that makes you feel trapped
so many girls on my jock, i think my phone is tapped
i'm bad
cool j, cool j, cool j, cool j, cool j, cool j

i'm like tyson, icin', i'm a soldier at war
i'm makin' sure you don't try to battle me no more
got concrete rhymes, been rappin' for ten years and
even when i'm bragging, i'm bein' sincere!
emcees can't win, i make 'em rust like tin
they call me 'jaws,' my hat is like a shark's fin
because i'm bad as can be, got my voice on wax
some brothers think he's making records, now he must have relaxed
i couldn't, i shouldn't, and it'll stay that way
the best rapper you've heard is ll cool j
kamikaze, take a look at what i've done
used to rock in my basement, now i'm number one
and can happen on time, never standin' on line
you wanna try me? first you better learn how to rhyme
i'm the pinnacle; that means i reign supreme
and i'm notorious; i'll crush you like a jellybean!
i'm bad
"suspect was last spotted with three other members of his group. bobcat, e love and the cut creator. they are extremely bad, so keep your eyes open. use extreme caution"

i eliminate punks, cut 'em up in chunks
you were souped, you heard me, and your ego shrunk
i'm devastating i'm so good it's a shame
cause i eat rappers like a cannibal they call me insane
i'm as strong as a bull of course you know why i pull
i enjoy what i'm doing plus i'm paid in full
not buckaroo banzai, but bustin' out as i
say the kind of rhymes that make mc's wish that i'd die
never retire or put my mic on the shelf
the baddest rapper in the history of rap itself
not bitter or mad, just provin' i'm bad
you want a hit? give me a hour plus a pen and a pad!
mc's retreat, cause they know i can beat 'em
and eat 'em in a battle and the ref won't cheat 'em
i'm the baddest! takin' out all rookies
so forget oreos, eat cool j cookies, i'm bad!
cool j, cool j,cool j,cool j, cool j,cool j

never ever no never
never wearin' no levis, battle me why try?
i'll treat you like a stepchild so tell mommy "bye bye"
slaughterin' mc's and i'mma never get whipped
when i retire i'll get worshipped like a old battleship
ll i'm bad, all the rappers know
when i enter the center they say, 'yo, yo there he go!'
my paycheck's large mr. bogart in charge
not a puncher or hunter from a raccoon lodge
the original todd, teachin' how to be hard
take the skin off a snake, and split a pea from a pod
you're a novice i'm noble and i decipher my tongue
not attila the hun, nor abdullah his son
my vocals exact, like rack and pinion in a jag
you try to brag, you get your rhymes from a grab-bag
no good scavenger, catfish vulture
my tongue's a chisel and this composition's sculpture, i'm bad!

(think i'm gonna need backup)
(think i'm gonna need backup)
gimme that walkie-talkie!
yo this is ll cool j
and you'll never catch me so don't even try it
cause i'm too bad for ya, understand?!
aaaaaahhhh... i'm bad! 

i've been watchin' you from afar
for as long as i can remember
you're all a real man can need
and ever ask for
this is love, girl
this is more than a crush
yeah

it was harlem at the ruckers, i saw with your man
smilin', huh, a coach bag in your hand
i was layin' in the coupe with my hat turned back
we caught eyes for a moment, and that was that
so skated off, as you strolled off
lookin' at them legs, god damn they looked so soft (so fine)
i gotta take ya from your man that's my mission
if his love is real he got ta handle competition
you only knew him five months (that's right)
besides, he drink too much and smoke too many blunts
and i be workin' out everyday thinkin' bout you
looking at my own eyes in the rear view
catchin flash backs of our eye contact
wish i could lay ya on your stomach and caress your back
i would hold ya in my arms and ease your fears
i can't believe it, i hadn't had a crush in years
hey lover
hey lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush
hey lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush
lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush
hey lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush

i see you at the bus stop waitin' everyday
your man must think its safe for you to travel that way
but i don't want ta violate your relationship
so i lay back in the cut with a crush that's a trip
still, he can't stop me from having daydreams
tonguin' you down with, uh, vanilla ice cream
kissing on your thighs in the moonlight
searchin' your body with my tongue, girl, all night
i wonder one day could it be, simple dreams turnin' into reality
our love would come down so naturally
we would walk down the aisle of destiny
what your man got his hustle on gotcha type scared
break ya off a little chump change to do your hair
that seems to be enough to satisfy your needs
but there's a deeper level if you just follow my lead
hey lover

hey lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush
hey lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush
lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush
hey lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush
last week i saw ya at the mall
standin' at the pay phone 'bout to make a call
i had a vision it was me on the other end
tellin' you come by and then you walked in
i touched you gently with my hands
we talked about travelin' the distant lands
escapin' all the madness out here in the world
becomin' my wife, no longer my girl
then, you let your dress fall down to the floor
i kissed you softly and you yearned for more
we experienced pleasure unparallel
into an ocean of love, we both fell
swimmin' in the timeless, currents of pure bliss
fantasies interchangin' with each kiss
undyin' passion unities our souls
together we swim until the point of no control, but
it's a fantasy it (that, you) won't come true
we never even spoke and your man swear he love you
so i'm a keep all these feelin's inside
keep my dreams alive until the right time

hey lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush
hey lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush
lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush
hey lover, hey lover, this is more than...
hey lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush
hey lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush
lover, hey lover, baby this is more than a crush
hey lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush 

this is for my number one
this is for my number one
this is for my number one
true baby for i adore

this is hard to say
i wanna make sure i go about this in the right way
cuz lately i been busy a lot
and i know you don’t feel appreciated and what not
i used to tell you that you’re hair looked fly
kiss you slow and stare in your eyes
now i talk real foul and slick
every other sentence is, “you make me sick”
back in the days i was your number one pick
now your heart’s half-broken and that’s hard to fix
i had to dig deep inside myself
cuz i can’t see you bouncin’ with somebody else
it’s a long journey back to the place we was
when i was too embarrassed to admit i was in love
and you was my good girl that wouldn’t give it up
i can’t let us self-destruct

baby smile today
cuz i been imaginin’ more ways
i’m gon’ luv u better
when your friends’ll see you too
just when you think there’s nothin’ else i can do
i’m gon’ luv u better
when i think about the things we did
and i think about you having my kids
and i think about us sharing a crib
losin’ all that, god forbid
you deserve flowers and candy, the simple things
in addition to the sl’s, baguettes and rings
instead i walk around like i’m a king
and having you ain’t nothing but a thing
i even stopped tellin’ you the lovin’ was good
too busy frontin’ in the hood
baby girl, hold me tight don’t ever let go
i’mma do it real gentle baby, nice and slow
one more chance baby and don’t say no
cuz i got another side to show
some say love is painful it helps you grow
well it’s time for the pain to go, ya’know

baby smile today
cuz i been imaginin’ more ways
i’m gon’ luv u better
when your friends’ll see you too
just when you think there’s nothin’ else i can do
i’m gon’ luv u better
do you think i meant to hurt you? no
do you think i meant to hurt you? no
so let’s laugh together, cry together
god willin’ we gon’ die together
do you think i meant to hurt you? no
do you think i meant to hurt you? no
so let’s laugh together, cry together
god willin’ we gon’ die together

it’s a brand new me, a brand new you
a brand new day, sky so blue
hold my hand while i walk with you
sit on my lap, lemme talk to you
no more games callin’ you foul names
actin’ like females is all the same
i’m gon’ love you better, my mentality changed
from this day forward i’ll never be the same
i’mma rub your lower back, share my dreams
i love you, lemme show you what i mean
give you the deepest love a girl ever seen
watch you sleep, so peaceful and serene
a toast to the queen, you’re back in my life
but this time i’mma do it right
trust me, from the bottom of my heart
nothin’s gonna tear us apart, promise
baby smile today
cuz i been imaginin’ more ways
i’m gon’ luv u better
when your friends’ll see you too
just when you think there’s nothin’ else i can do
i’m gon’ luv u better
baby smile today
cuz i been imaginin’ more ways
i’m gon’ luv u better
when your friends’ll see you too
just when you think there’s nothin’ else i can do
i’m gon’ luv u better

do you think i meant to hurt you? no
do you think i meant to hurt you? no
so let’s laugh together, cry together
god willin’ we gon’ die together
do you think i meant to hurt you? no
do you think i meant to hurt you? no
so let’s laugh together, cry together
god willin’ we gon’ die together

this is for my number one
this is for my number one
true baby for i adore 

l.l. cool j. is hard as hell
battle anybody i don't care who you tell
i excel, they all fell
i'm gonna crack shells, double-l must rock the bells
you've been waitin' and debatin' for oh so long
just starvin' like marvin for a cool j. song
if you cried and thought i died, you definitely was wrong
it took a thought, plus i brought cut creator along
evened up with e-love down with the cool j. force
specializin' in the rhymin' for the record of course
i’m a tower full of power, wind, rain and hail
cut creator scratch the record with his fingernail
rock the bells
the king of crowd rockers finally is back
my voice is your choice as the hottest wax
true as a wizard, just a blizzard, i ain't taken no crap
i'm rhymin' and designin' with your girl in my lap
the bass is kickin' always stickin' cause you like it that way
you take a step because it's def and plus it's by cool j
cut creator on the fader, my right-hand man
we rock the bells so very well cause that's the name of this jam
rock the bells
some girls will like this jam and some girls won't
cause i make a lot of money and your boyfriend don't
l.l. went to hell, gonna rock the bells
all you washed up rappers wanna do this well
rock the bells
now i'm world-wide known, whether you like it or not
my one man band is cut creator a.k.a. philpot
he'll never skip it, only rip it when he's on the fader
what's my d.j.'s name, cut creator
now you know, at the show, who’s on the wheels
he'll drive the cross fader like a cut mobile
so precise with a slice that you know he's greater
what's my d.j.'s name, cut creator
now you know, what do you know, earl roles the weed
i go to the store and get old gold
so all you crabby lookin' nappy headed girls get back
cause there's a ten to one chance that you might get smacked
rock the bells
the bells are circulatin' the blood in your veins
why are girlies on the tip, l.l.'s your name
cut creator's (good), cool j. is (good-good)
you bring the wood pecker, i'll bring the wood
the bells are wippin' and rippin' at your body and soul
why do you like cool j., we like rock and roll
cause it ain't the glory days with bruce springsteen
i'm not a virgin so i know i'll make madonna scream
you hated michael and prince all the way, ever since
if their beats were made of meat, then they would have to be mince
rock the bells
so listen to the lines of rhyme, i rhyme on time
he'll cut the record in a second, make your d.j. look blind
so all you jheri curl suckers wearin' high-heel boots
like ballerinas, what i mean is you're a fruit-loop troop
all you gonna-be(s), wanna-be(s), when will you learn
wanna be like cool j., you gotta wait your turn
some suckers don't like me, but i'm not concerned
six-g (s) for twenty minutes is the pay i earn
i'm growin' and glowin' like a forest blaze
do you like michael jackson? "we like cool j"
that's right, i'm on the mic with the help of the bells
there's no delayin' what i'm sayin' as i'm rockin' you well
rock the bells 

i'm going back to cali, cali, cali
i'm going back to cali... hmm, i don't think so
i'm going back to cali, cali, cali
i'm going back to cali... i don't think so

going back to cali, stylin', profilin'
growlin', and smilin', while in the sun
the top is down, on the black corvette
and it's fly, 'cause it's sittin' on daytons
nardi steering wheel, plushed out, gold-leaf phantom top
and three girls waiting
vrrrroom engine's blowin', the chrome, is shinin'
passing all the cars on the way
movement of the wind, back wheels spin
pop in a cassette and push play

i'm going back to cali, cali, cali
i'm going back to cali... hey y'all, i don't think so
i'm going back to cali, cali, cali
i'm going back to cali

i'm going back to cali, shakin' 'em, bakin' 'em
takin' 'em to spots they never before hung
i know a place, off sunset it's a trip
where the a.c.'s cold, but the girls still strip
the record skipped, but this girl kept dancin'
prancin', grindin', grinnin,' romancin'
i asked her to the barn, so we could hit the hay
i wanna do this, brutus, but i don't wanna pay
i'm going back to cali, cali, cali
i'm going back to cali... man, i don't think so
i'm going back to cali, cali, cali
i'm going back to cali

i'm going back to cali, risin', surprisin'
advisin' realizin', she's sizin' me up
her bikini - small; heels - tall
she said, she liked, the ocean
she showed me a beach, gave me a peach
and pulled out the suntan lotion
now i thought that was fast, but this girl was faster
she's lookin' for a real good time
i said, "close your eyes, i got a surprise"
and i ran away with the bottle of wine

i'm going back to cali, cali, cali
i'm going back to cali... i don't think so
i'm going back to cali, cali, cali
i'm going back to cali... i don't think so
{*saxophone solo*} 

umm...go head daddy!
we doing it with l....(laughs)....go head baby. who do ya luv baby?

how you doin', miss? my name is l, i'm from queens
i heard about your man, he like to lace you with cream
dolce gabbana, moschino with donna jeans
but he slipped up, and threw his rock to a fiend
he be playin' like a willie 'cause he dress ya dove
never knowin' that his woman is in need of love
you got versace gold link stomach chains with rocks
official hair style but you stuck up in the spot
makin love, duke is weak then he fallin asleep
you on the phone wit your old peeps dyin' to creep 'tween my sheets
so what you got chanel on your feet
hot sex on a platter makes the mission complete, uh

who do you love? (i wanna lounge with you)
are you for sure? (i do what i gotta do)

jew-els and cristal got him actin' funny style
he ain't watchin' you, he rather watch his money pile
can't protect treasures when it's in a glass house
soon as he turn the corner i'mma turn that ass out
full blown, frontin' in the 6 with the chrome
yo b, why you leave your honey all alone with me?
just because you blessed with cash
doesn't mean your honey won't let me finesse that ass
so see the moral of the story is a woman need love
the kind you so-called players never dreamed of
you got to try love, can't buy love
if you play your hand, then it's bye-bye love
who do you love? (i wanna lounge with you)
are you for sure? (i do what i gotta do)

who do you love? are you for sure? (you know it's you)
who do you love? are you for sure? (i do what i gotta do)

so what you got the cash flow in escrow, damn
but your honey ran away like presto, ala-kazam
man made the money, money never made the man
you still fakin' jacks throwin' rocks on her hand
see, you put your mack down, now you nino brown
rock roller with so much ice your cap's polar
i got her smokin' beedies, modeling bikinis
pushin' your whip on the van wyck to see me
i keep it steamy, i make it burn when it's my turn
teaching shorty all the jewels that you never learned
don't get it twisted, getting money ain't wrong
but she wanna make love all night long, i'm gone

who do you love? (i wanna lounge with you)
are you for sure? (i do what i gotta do)
who do you love? are you for sure? (you know it's you)
who do you love? are you for sure? (are you for sure?)

who do you love? (repeat with ll cool j ad-libs) 

we just gon have some fun with hip hop
ha-ha!
a lil hip hop, that's all
relax, hold on to ya seats
haha! uh-huh!
oh, yeah, this is the tunnel banger too!
word up, this the tunnel banger, baby
hip-hop style, baby, y'all remember

by the middle of march, when the pregnancy starts
in your ladies' placenta; that means l just entered
duct-taped your little bitch-ass for fronting
your four-eleven crackhead ass ain't hurting nothing
nigga, you want the fame?
now, you're famous overnight (ugh!)
famous for getting fucked by a stick of dynamite
you're weak, nigga! you bout to die up in your sleep
the overlord of rap will never meet defeat
pain to agony, i don't touch them zones
fuck your epileptic lyrical methods! it's my throne
blast your fifty-pound ass and make you float
you read it, shook nigga! i wrote the book, nigga!
held down my crown for a decade and a half (half)
now i'm bout to give your grimy ass a bloodbath
talking bout being broke? nigga, i'm rich!
'cause i learned to separate the money from the bitch (bitch!)
don't hate me cause i'm paid
hate me 'cause i'm everything you want to be
handsome; young; plus, legendary
talking 'bout farrakhan
nigga, you better call jesse jackson for some affirmative action
can-i-bus? (yes you can!)
can-i-bus? (yes you can!)
can-i-bus? (yes you can!)
can-i-bus? (yes you can!)
ugh!

don't ever open your mouth and mention my seed
talking 'bout my book you bought to read!
you know you watch my sitcom, nigga, so stop that
mad rapper, but now you turned mad actor (hahahaha)
forty-nine pounds and tryin' to be a mobster
run around town with the bob marley impostors
ask canibus, he ain't understanding this
cause ninety-nine percent of his fans don't exist
i'm going underground and blowing your rep down
next time, save that shit for the lyricist lounge
or a house party, where you can battle some clown
on top of all that, i beat your homeless ass down
heard that convicted rapist on the record, too (uh-huh)
fresh out of jail, asscheeks still black and blue (uh-huh! ooooh!)
tell me 'bout the things ear-biter taught you
how to bust a nut or two? (yeah, that's butter, boo)
you be decomposing, but you frozen because my title's golden
steady rolling in a world that i'm controlling
vanguard awards are for kings who did tours
climbed platinum mountain, so pray to the lords!
talking 'bout my first- and second- and third-born
now i got a fourth, canibus, but he cut off
from the riches of my empire, i'm like a pimp
who thought he had to retire but found a new can-i-puss to hire
you're hardcore, in a sense, like heather hunter (huh!)
but definitely not with the lyrics that drop thunder
found you in a trash can
hot, black, 'cause you scared to bust
nigga, in todd we trust!
can-i-bus? (yes you can!)
can-i-bus? (yes you can!)
can-i-bus? (yes you can!)
can-i-bus? (yes you can!)
now break it down for me!

see i, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat...
eat amateur mcs!
hahaha!
this real hip-hop!
taking it back, baby! on some hip-hop!
word up, no bullshit (uh-huh)
oh, i ain't done yet! haha!
ll cool j is hard as hell!

you soft as a newborn baby taking a nap
made my dick hard with that bitch-ass track
where you at? smoking in some one-room flat?
sucking on clef's dick, hoping to come back?
never that! nigga, my styles is unlimited!
yours is prohibited; of course, that's attributed...
to not knowin ya limits and who you need to test
(when you!) step into the house of the lord and get blessed!
get on your knees; bow down to my decrees
young slacker, save that demo for jack the rapper (yeah)
you gargoyle, slash-olive oil, pussycat
i've wrapped up in aluminum foil, ready to boil
i'mma tear the skin off your ass with ten knuckles
rhymes was weak
they made me chuckle like a name-buckle (haha!)
you call em lyrics, nigga you need to stop (stop!)
you going out! ahh, fuck it! you going pop
i feed you a poisonous verse, so don't try it
no more rhyming, you on a lyric-fast diet
call the paramedic and tell them that he's pathetic
his lyrics ain't energetic; you're sweet as a diabetic
career be over next year; yeah, i said it
look over your shoulder, nigga! that's where you headed!
motherfucker! where's a rhyme when you need it?
first rule of lyrical war: never repeat it
you said that same bullshit at house of blues
lit the pipe, dropped the match, and sparked the wrong fuse
not new! yeah, nigga, i'm goin at you
stop basing, and you can be a role model too (*coughs*)
diss my moms?! who's the real rap don?
who ruled for fifteen years and dropped bombs?
who's copped solid gold grammys and stayed calm?
ll! while you dropped verses at niggas' proms
faggot! you better battle number two
cause number one got his title locked down, son!
the king of all rappers to ever grace the stage
or the mic! best that ever did it; i'm wicked
write a verse and flip it; melt it down to liquid
and drown shorty; fill his lungs until i rip it
chest busts open, heart bursts; it's smoking
you see that nigga, son? (damn l, we was only joking)
maneuver, manipulate brainwaves, transform
your thought process, when my pen gets caressed
warning: all mcs better retreat
look at corny-bus! he can't walk down his own street
better run and get the fugees (oh-la-la-la-la)
cause i eat, eat, eat mcs
devour they titles, cause i'm an idol-slash-icon
and tell wyclef: don't even turn his fucking mic on
soldier, nigga! thought i told ya, nigga!
crossover, slam dunk! game over, nigga! (one more time, son!)
soldier, nigga! thought i told ya, nigga!
crossover, slam dunk! game over, nigga
can-i-bus? (yes you can!)
can-i-bus? (yes you can!)
can-i-bus? (yes you can!)
can-i-bus? (yes you can!)

stay in your place! nah'mean?
now wait for the studio audience to applaud!
faggot! hahahaha 

they call me big elly, a bit silly
but big money, big really
when i'm sliding in the martin ya hear me
i be slicing with these bars so ya fear me
let me rip it up for cuz in the back
let me flip i put a buzz in ya hat
i'ma tell ya how to cause an attack
timbaland, ladies love on the track
lovely get the ice, pop champagne
don't forget i used to ride on the train
when i bump it right, call my name
go crazy in the mall wit james
dump cat, not ill like me
bring the women in to chill for free
let me tell ya girl, don't try me
you better have i.d.!

when we be up in the club, we be posting the back
when we be in the club, girl always come to the back
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
when we be up in the club, we be posting the back
when we be in the club, girl always come to the back
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
lord have mercy! if the broad is thirsty
i'll have her man reimburse me
the part that hurts me, is when they try to work me
but i could never let ya jerk me
steady sticking to the wall, give it up
sneaking through the back door, live it up
got the champagne, pour me a cup
got the girls looking raw in the front
got a call, your man's in town
tell the bar a-nother round
got all my mans holding me down
kinda thick ma, let's get down, so get wit it
i'm saying what time wanna dip wit it?
got playas on the grind, wanna skip wit it
backstage you mine, i'm a spit wit it, hey!

when we be up in the club, we be posting the back
when we be in the club, girl always come to the back
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
when we be up in the club, we be posting the back
when we be in the club, girl always come to the back
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
hey ladies! (yeah!) no need to get your hair done
i said yo ladies! (yeah!) no need to get your hair done
i'ma get your head sprung, i'ma get your head sprung
i'ma get your head sprung, i'ma get your head sprung
i said yo fellas (yo!) no need to throw them ones
i said yo fellas (yo!) no need to throw them ones
i'ma get your head sprung, i'ma get your head sprung
i'ma get your head sprung, i'ma get your head sprung (hey!)

when we be up in the club, we be posting the back
when we be in the club, girl always come to the back
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
when we be up in the club, we be posting the back
when we be in the club, girl always come to the back
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
and we 'bout to get our head sprung
and we 'bout to get our head sprung

yeah! keep chillin wit 'em
yeah! keep chillin wit 'em
y'all ain't see it comin', did ya?
timbo, uncle l.! 

yeah (to the break of dawn)
all my effects involved (to the break of dawn)
as we get funky (to the break of dawn)
problems will be solved (to the break of dawn)
everybody knows (to the break of dawn)
when it come to a situation like this (to the break of dawn)
little more effects (to the break of dawn)
and i can't resist (to the break of dawn)
so we get funky in the house, you know what i'm sayin'? (to the break of dawn)
ll cool j style, but (to the break of dawn)
this ain't on a pop tip, check it out (to the break of dawn)

what is a panther? a animal that kills
i'm like a shark with blood comin' out the gills
you could never in your wildest dreams
get a piece of this gangsta lean straight from queens
strong as liquor that be seen in a limousine
now you're gettin' done without vaseline
wouldn't bite because your rhymes are puppy chow
made another million, so competitors bow
homeboy, hold on, my rhymes are so strong
nothing could go wrong, so why do you prolong
songs that ain't strong? brother, you're dead wrong
and got the nerve to have them star trek shades on
huh, you can't handle the whole weight
your skin needs lotion, teeth need colgate
wise up, you little burnt up french fry
i'm that type of guy
and i slammed you know, just like a sumo
put him in pampers, leave my drawers in his hamper
when i'm through, he'll need a brand new identity
i was scoopin' girls before you lost your virginity
your jam is just a dreamin' mc scheme
gettin' crushed by a ll theme
somethin' like shaft, put you in a cask—
buck, you little bloodclaat boy, you must not know
the rep i keep, the mcs i peep, sweep
play cheap and freak with a chic unique technique
get rid of the yuck-mouth smile
'cause brother, you ain't got no style
keep on (to the break of dawn)
yeah (to the break of dawn)
keep on (to the break of dawn, rock that shit)
ayo, that's kinda funky, but check this out here (to the break of dawn), yeah

immaculate styles i use to abuse mcs
so light the fuse and spread the news, you lose
to the damager, microphone manager
cold crush and bruise and bandage a amateur
that amateur swingin' a hammer
from a body bag, so run and get your camera
get a flick of the stiff, dead, shot to get swift
but i'm the wrong brother to dance with
'cause i don't need a partner to swing
keep your eyes on the cool j ring
shootin' the gift, but you just don't shoot it right
you couldn't bust a grape in a fruit fight
wouldn't throw a rock in a ghost town
so don't try to play post, clown
you know that ll's back in town
and all the wanna-be sheriffs is gettin' shot down
gimme that microphone
i'ma show you the real meaning of the danger zone
stop dancin', get to walkin'
shut your old mouth when young folks is talkin'
huh, you little snake in the grass
you swing a hammer, but you couldn't break a glass
gimme a lighter, woof
now you're cut loose from that jheri curl juice
cool j is back on the map
and when i see ya, i'ma give you a slap
that's right, a little kick for that crap
'cause my old gym teacher ain't supposed to rap
keep on (to the break of dawn)
yeah (to the break of dawn), pump it up
i said keep on (to the break of dawn, rock that shit)
check this out (to the break of dawn), yeah

how dare you stand beside me
i'm cool, i freeze i-c-e
on your trail and i'ma cut that ponytail
you're disobedient with the wrong ingredients
but i'ma drink you down over the rocks
while the freak on your album cover jocks
you're gonna hear a real ill paragraph soon
i took the cover right home to the bathroom
in the immortal words of ll, "hard as hell"
your broad wears it well
she's the reason that your record sold a few copies
but your rhymes are sloppy
like oscar, and you're bound to get dropped
and stopped, i ain't murray the cop
nor am i felix, but i got a bag of tricks
mr. pusherman, gimme a fix
so i can show you i'm immune to them romper room tunes
you little hip-hop raccoon
i'm not scarface, but i want more beef
before you rapped, you was a downtown car thief
workin' in a parking lot
a brother with a perm deserves to get burned
so tell me how you like your cold cream
on a cone, in a bowl or in a wet dream?
with your tv on channel fuzz
uncle l, that's how much damage he does
here's five dollars, catch a taxi cab
take your rhymes around the corner to the rap rehab
keep on (to the break of dawn)
yeah (to the break of dawn)
i said keep on (to the break of dawn)

just wanted to funk it up a little bit
my man pete rock just walked up in the crib, you know what i'm sayin'?
over here at marley marl house just coolin' out, my man clash in the house
sippin' on this bartles & jaymes premium peach-flavored wine cooler
loungin' back, keep on
peace
yeah, that's funky 

the act of makin' love is

pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildings
pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildings

i'll take thirty electric chairs and put 'em in a classroom
thirty mc's and set 'em free from their doom
just like a tomahawk cuts through the wind when we begin
the wheel of fortune, it spins
holdin', the rhythm like elastic moldin'
your whole body like plastic
so why try to deny what you already know ya love
up above
cause the mania, hysteria in the streets
while ya lovers gettin' merrier in the sheets
i met this lady named sweet young thing and
she gave me that feelin' that sunshine bring in
hoardable, sportable, totally affordable
silky smooth, voice was real audible
i said your cool as ice cube-a
she said, "you're that public enemy i seen on the tube-a."
nah, i'm like your uncle, baby
the style of your beautiful face drives me crazy
well can we do ya so heavy, i'm d?
she said, "you tried to play me like big daddy"
i said, "i know your tribe i called and re-quested
for you to be manifested"
she said, "you know the same gang and my flava unit too?"
i said, "you only knew the certain things i wanna do, do you?"
rub ya down with warm ice-t
make ya feel brand nubian instantly
boogie down and check this production
gimme them lips, they look good for suction
she said, "sweet tee's cool with a little almond joy
on the side just doin' the fly"
you like pound cake? come to my house
turn on the lights and see me on the couch
i said, "you're jinglin', you're from around the way
i like your earrings: two l's, but anyway...
your grand-daddy is here to spread cheer
somethin' nice and smooth with my tongue in your ear
give me a snack some salt and pepper on a burger
ice cream tea or if you prefer the
taste of honey kid, ride in my capri and
that's the joint they got the real clear cd in
she said, "stars couldn't get me in a car
i don't know what type of man ya are
you might know karate, do me and get away
i got a glimpse of your license plate, n-w-a"
pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildings
pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildings
pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildings
pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildings

she was chubby and ready to rock and naughty by nature and
part of my private stock and
ridin' in the relax
frame of mind and
hmm...
hammer time'
incredible
so edible
and unforgettable
soft like a q-tip, i'd love to get with you
cause i'm the type of guy that got props due
feel it in mo and more
(flushing) ugh...
when i get ready for a showcase
put together well
i go deep and have an oil well, show and tell
i said, "yo-yo! you're so intelligent
and elegant."
i neh never run to be d with another mc
i got what i want right in front of me
i know a kid named k, he's a md
last time i heard yo, was gettin' real friendly
belly to belly and chest to chest
thigh by thigh, leg by leg and i guess
ain't no way to get ya out
your so caught up s-e-x-u-a-l - sort
of a freaky situation with a peppermint twist
ricky or mike is next on the list
nastified and all-funkified
come on, come on, come on, ride
can you hear?
never fear
what ya hear
what ya hear
is it clear?
understand
and love ya big dear
and i will appear
my dear
with a beer
and bags full of cheer
and waterbed... yeah!
cause i rumble and groan
she said, "you got to be bad to make the monie moan."
ain't no reason to front
on the way your life shown
booyaa! how i'm jumpin' your bones
like a grandmaster in a flash
put out your cigarette and rest your tired ash
all i wanna do is make whoopie
your my pink cookie
not a wookie
when you take it off, i'd love a lookie
cause i'mma mix it up toss style
peace out, you got the sexual profile
pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildings
pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildings
pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildings
pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildings 

i was at the mall, sipping on a milkshake
playing the wall, taking a break
admiring the girls with the bamboo earrings
baby hair and body's built to swing
that's when i seen her, her name was tina
grace and poise kinda like a ballerina
i said how you doing, my name's big l
don't ask me how i'm living, cause yo, i'm living swell
but then again i'm living kind of foul
cause my girl don't know that i'm out on the prowl
to make a long story short, i got the digits
called her on my car phone and paid her a visit
i was spanking her and thanking her, chewin' her and doin' her
laughin' because my girl didn’t know that i was screwin' her
laying like a king on sheets of satin
that's what time it is, you know what's happening
she had a big ole booty, i was doing my duty
i mean yo, i admit that my girl's a cutie
but tina was exotic, earl's my witness
with the kind of legs that put stockings out of business
when i went home, i kissed my girl on the cheek
but in the back of my mind it was this big butt freak
i sat my girl down, i couldn't hold it in
and said to her with a devilish grin
tina got a big ole butt, i know i told you i'd be true
but tina got a big ole butt, so i'm leaving you
tina got a big ole butt, i know i told you i'd be true
but tina got a big ole butt, so i'm leaving you

i went to the high school about three o'clock
to try to catch a cutie riding my jock
my homeboy's jeep, the system blasting
cold forty dogs, smiling and laughing
girls all over, the kind i adore
i felt like a kid in a candy store
that's when i seen her, her name was brenda
she had the kind of booty that i'd always remember
i said to my man, stop the jeep
she's only seventeen but yo don't sleep
i kicked the bass like an nfl punter
and scoped the booty like a big game hunter
i said to the girl, yo, you look tired
let's go get some rest, relax by the fire
i put the big booty on a bearskin rug
she gave me a kiss, i gave her a hug
i said to the girl, them young boys ain't nothing
you want to get freaky, let me kiss your belly button
i circled it and teased it and made her squeal
grabbed a pack of bullets and pulled out the steel
when i was through, i wiped the sweat from my eyes
when to the kitchen and got some sweet potato pies
tina busted in my house while i was eating
you know what i said
too bad you caught me cheating but
brenda got a big ole butt, i know i told you i'd be true
but brenda got a big ole butt, so i'm leaving you
brenda got a big ole butt, i know i told you i'd be true
but brenda got a big ole butt, so i'm leaving you

i went to red lobster for shrimp and steak
around the time when the waitresses are on their lunch break
i pulled in the parking lot and parked my car
somebody shouted out, i don't care who you are
i paid it no attention, i walked inside
because brian had a nine and he was chilling in the ride
i walked in the place, everybody was looking
and shrimp and steak wasn't the only thing cooking
i sat down to eat, ordered my food
i said to the waitress, i don't mean to be rude
but i'll take you on a platter
she said you got a girl, i said it don't matter
you look like you're tastier than a piping hot pizza
what's your name, she said my tag says lisa
i said, o.k., you're smart and all that
but when you get off work, yo, i'll be back
she looked at me and said make yourself clear
l where we going, i said right here
she looked kind of puzzled, i said you'll see
i pulled up at ten on the d-o-t
when she walked out the door, i threw my tongue down her throat
pushed her back inside and pulled off her coat
laid her on the table and placed my order
and gave her a tip much bigger than a quarter
on and on to the break'a dawn
all over the restaurant, word is bond
i heard somebody coughing, i checked my watch
i couldn't believe it said nine o'clock
i grabbed my pants, put on my kangol
who did i see, oh yo it was brenda
yo she worked at red lobster but i didn't remember
lisa got a big ole butt, i know i told you i'd be true
but lisa got a big ole butt, so i'm leaving you - see ya
lisa got a big ole butt, i know i told you i'd be true
but lisa got a big ole butt, so i'm leaving you - see ya 

10..
mm, mmm, mmm, mmm

if you need me baby i'm, for, real
the rest of your life, i'll take you to paradise..
if you want it baby just, be, real
the rest of your life, i'll take you to paradise
i'm gonna give-a-you all my love, yeah

we went through this before
actin like the l's can't bag 'em no more
nightgown draggin on the heated marble floor
flash cartier when you open up the door - slide these on baby
so butter, still relate to the gutter
just your lifestyle's different, spirit uplifted
fell in love with a cat who's gifted
turn you back to paradise, damn i missed it
pop a bottle, light a purple candle
i got somethin that you can't quite handle, that's why you love me
pour bubbly, glow from the flame make your skin shine lovely
i'm sayin baby
touch it why don'tcha (ohh) touch it why don'tcha (ohh)
touch it why don'tcha (ayy) touch it why don'tcha (mmm)
hey girl.. aw, girl!
hey girl, i wanna rock your world
if you need me baby i'm, for, real
the rest of your life, i'll take you to paradise..
(paradise, is very nice)
if you want it baby just, be, real
the rest of your life, i'll take you to paradise (uh, uh)
i'm gonna give-a-you all my love, yeah

next phase is this
black sand, tahiti, ten days to reminisce
god's my witness (uh)
i paid the price for paradise, so i'm livin this
i never limit myself, the l's fearless
lay back while i illuminate the darkness
like it smooth don'tcha
make it move won'tcha, think i won't?
take you to your peak i know them other cats don't
and it won't stop - this is beyond paper
first i get your mind right, then i might drape ya
never pimpin, raise my girls well
young thoroughbreds get schoolled by uncle l.l
c-double, l tattooed on the bubble
i lay the mink down, let you walk over a puddle
true love is so rare
but don't you worry i ain't goin nowhere
if you need me baby i'm, for, real
the rest of your life, i'll take you to paradise..
(paradise, is very nice)
if you want it baby just, be, real
the rest of your life, i'll take you to paradise (uh, uh)
i'm gonna give-a-you all my love, yeah

trust me, trust me, trust - me, baby
rest of your life i'll take you to paradise
i'll take you to paradise, oooohh
so won't you try me, try me - try, this, lady
rest of your life i'll take you to paradise
i'm gonna give-a-you all my love, yeah

belly to belly, one hand on the jelly
at the telly on the celly - get that money elle
please believe it, if the mind can conceive it
then the man can achieve it; you gotta breathe it
and i breathe deep, i'm one with the universe
minimum, ten percent go to god first
lay back baby, close your eyes
ice on the pinky finger froze your thighs
so much shade baby, the waterbed fries
walk around nude in the suite yellin, "recognize!"
do your dance, baby pour me a class
it feels so good to have the world in a smash
touch it why don'tcha (ohh) touch it why don'tcha (ohh)
touch it why don'tcha (ayy) touch it why don'tcha (mmm)
hey girl.. aw, girl!
hey girl, i wanna rock your world
if you need me baby i'm, for, real
the rest of your life, i'll take you to paradise..
(paradise, is very nice)
if you want it baby just, be, real
the rest of your life, i'll take you to paradise (uh, uh)
i'm gonna give-a-you all my love, yeah

trust me, trust me, trust - me, baby
rest of your life i'll take you to paradise
i'll take you to paradise, oooohh
so won't you try me, try me - try, this, lady
rest of your life i'll take you to paradise
i'm gonna give-a-you all my love, yeah

yea yea, gotta keep your eyes on the prize baby
sky's the limit
if you can see it, you can be it
ha ha, it's on you, word up
everybody put your hands in the air
it's high time baby
one love, one god, recognize, uhh

if you need me, just call me
said if you want me, just be for reallll
and if you like me, come and talk to me
and if you want me, tell me how you feeelll

if you need me baby i'm, for, real
the rest of your life, i'll take you to paradise..
(paradise, is very nice)
if you... 

uh, my hat is like a shark's fin

deepest, bluest, my hat is like a shark's fin
deepest, bluest, my hat is like a shark's fin
manmade terror
hungry jaws of death
y'all don't cross my depths
i'll pause your breaths
i cause you to sink down forty thousand leagues
bleeding to death with no arms and short sleeves
my world's deep blue
killers gotta eat too
looking for human flesh to rip my teeth through
other fish in the sea but barracudas ain't equal
to a half-human predator created by a needle
jet black eyes baby they stare while you sleep
when your titanic sinks i'm the one you gon' meet
hearing terrified screams they surround my team
all you see is trails of blood
even god won't intervene
nightmares of darkness
my apetite is heartless
even if we related, you eliminated regardless
in the deep blue, underwater walls
half man, half shark
my jaws don't fall

our father who art in heaven
hallowed be thy name
killers sworn to beast
swallowed them in flames
they switched my dna
trip me into cool j
i can't fight the feeling
i'm born to kill prey
to survive an attack
there's only one way
battle to the death
that's how sharks play
weapons left behind
we dueling with the mind
you blind, crippled, or crazy
you're real easy to find
struggling to flow with hemorrhages in your throat
getting the lap dance while i smash through your boat
eat your whole fam'
nothing left but a right hand
clinging to a rail
escape, attempts fail
you'll never make it home
tear the flesh off your bone
walking in undercurrents is a dangerous zone
i'm talking death out a moment's notice
you wasn't focused
me and my crew strike
like some underwater locusts

uh, uh take it deeper
uh, uh take it deeper
these waters are waist level
the hallway's flooded
lost your scuba gear
the killer's cold-blooded
his name's ll
you don't really want it
i ate your ancestors
the ocean is haunted
i'm closing in cause i'm supposed to win
how the cold steel feel when it froze your chin
should have stayed on dry land
stroke while you can
cause now you under pressure in the land of the damned
abandoned pirate ships
eels and sod scum
fish that glow in the dark
the titanic's hub
underwater storms
your blood is so warm
your life vest is off
and that turns me on
killer for centuries
the gotti of the deep
in the next millennium
i'm still gonna creep
sand under my belly, ocean over my head
through the light in the shadows
you become the living dead

yeah, dbs 

milky, and i'm back
my ace in the hole was this brand new track
i'mma slow it up and speed it up and now you're gonna eat it up
listen to the funky beat, my tongue is gonna beat it up
i did it, but the devil didn't make me
i did it for the suckers who tried to shake and bake me
proving a point that i'm a serious joint
you can roll me up and puff me, and then i'll anoint
your head with oil--lots of oil
make it run like water, watch it boil
cause i made 'em play it, made 'em say it
made 'em okay it, made 'em obey it---huh
prince of the growl is on the prowl
how you like me now punk? you living foul
here's what my game is, kill is what my aim is
a washed up rapper needs a wash up, my name is--

jack the ripper
jack-jack-jack the ripper
jack-jack, jack-jack, jack-jack, jack the ripper
(king hercules!)

back for the payback, i must say that
i heard your new jam, i don't play that
it ain't loud enough punk, it ain't hitting
this year you tried, next year you're quitting
last year you thought i was dying out
but again, and again, and again without a doubt
it's the gangster boogie, the earthquake sound
pump it up and play it so they hear it all around
i do it up rough, tough, i don't bluff
and this is an example of funky stuff
when you wanna make hits, you make 'em like this
they ain't like this they don't hit, they miss
it's a strong record, a record for the strong
for those who appreciate real rap songs
listen how i won't allow myself to go off track
stay back, i got the power, i'm--
jack the ripper
jack-jack-jack the ripper
jack-jack, jack-jack, jack-jack, jack the ripper
(king hercules!)

jack the ripper, a man, not a myth
a-k-a james todd smith
hard like penitentiary steel
breaking necks while i flex my sex appeal
homegirls in the house, c'mon
homegirls in the house, give it up
you gotta want to get hotter
moving and grooving, and always improving a lot'a
people don't know how nice i am
he was sleeping, so now i gotta slice my man
like ham in a pan, wrap him up in saran
kidnap him and slap him up inside of a van
while you're doing your dance i want you to make moves
no one out there thought you could do
you know my name and my game and what i'm here to do
party people, lemme see if you can dance to--

jack the ripper
jack-jack-jack the ripper
jack-jack, jack-jack, jack-jack, jack the ripper
(king hercules!)
break it down! x3
yo bob, show that old school sucker punk what real hip hop is boy

"how ya like me now?" i'm getting busier
i'm double platinum, i'm watching you get dizzier
check out the way i say my, display my fame, my
'j' on the back, behind the cool, without the a-y
i love to ride the groove because the groove is smooth
it makes me move and i'll improve
as it goes on, as it flows on
when you see me, don't ask if the show's on
how that sound? don't came around, playing me close, brown
pull on my jock to be down
you need to stay down, way down, because you're low down
do that dance, the prince of rap is gonna throw down
aiming to please while i'm killing emcees
i'm gonna keep on hitting you with rough lp's
day after day after day
you're smacked in the face by the bass of cool j
i'm--
"jack the ripper!" "the baddest around!"

i'm a beast on the microphone, a night stalker
a killing machine, a savage street talker
jason with an axe, but i put it on wax
to eradicate the suckers who thought i had relaxed
the prince of hip hop, straight from queens
kicking it mean, keeping it clean
and you've never seen anybody rock the party
all you funky beat-aholics, this beat's bacardi
i go to the show, and terrorize emcees, don't you know
moving my hand like i'm playing the piano
don't touch the dial, don't change the channel
don't let me hear you say i ain't debonair
i'm better than any emcee out there
as a matter of fact, suckers can't compare
when i'm rocking the mic people stop and stare, at.. 

(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby

they call me uncle l, future of the funk
records i recorded minus all the junk
people spread gossip and believe what they must
while i slam dunk dicks and make em bite the dust
a minute is needed to make a phony roni bleed
and put him in a bucket like it's chicken feed
check out the - pick of the litter, not a quitter, i'm nice y'all
and i'ma dust you off and dust you off twice
you neer heard this so observant all hysterical fan-
-natics of the asiatic miracle man
prominent, dominant, mccoy and i'm real
if you're another brother's fan? forget how you feel
cause he's so-so, i got the instinct
they call me deputy dog, now put your ass in the clink
innovating, devastating, and dope on the single, now
let me see your earrings jingle

(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
i chopped you, chewed you, baked you and {fucked} you
that {shit} you pop, you need to stop, you're kind of rude you
no good {niggaboo} tryin' to base
how we livin' homes? get out my face!
i'm complete, in effect, and i can't fall
i rise, suprise, and i advise you all
to stand back and peep, don't sleep or doubt
my skill'll get ill, i turn the mother out
i'm top-notch, you're still playin' hop-scotch
now i'ma do ya while the party people watch
you're real funny, you really try to go for yours
but i know why: you ain't had no dough before
so you tried and lied to drain my fame
this ain't a game, yo, you know my name
forget all the mc's who like to mingle
yo baby, let me see your earrings jingle

(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby

when you first walked in, i ain't know what to think
you grabbed the microphone like your shit don't stink
and tried to run down that; i can't get over that
shit you were sayin' - you call that a battle rap?
how you gonna go against an army with a handgun?
i'm cool j, yo you don't understand, son
i'm a legend, on top of that i'm livin'
now you look stupid like that bitch ms. givens
whoever geesed you up; nah, how should i say it?
whoever set you up, they knew just how to play it
cause man, yo, i feel for you brother
i'm a baaaaaad... (word to the mother!)
takin out suckers while the ladies pucker
and rollin' over niggas like a redneck trucker
innovatin', devastatin', and dope on a single, now
lemme see your earrings jingle
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby

yeah baby, you know what i mean?
you like be jinglin crazy, word
(yeah yeah yeah)
all over this funky beat
you be like jinglin', and your earrings be jinglin'
and shakin all over the place and all (mm-hmm)
it's like real, it's real wild to me honey yaknahwhatimean?
the way you be jinglin', worrrrrrd

(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby

can't believe you tried to grip the same mic as me
your grip's too weak, you can't hold it, b
you can dream of makin' progress and gettin' this nice
but when i roll up, it's like hip hop vice
i serve to curbs, i never swerve i'm superb
every word you heard played tricks on your nerves
you played your hand, lost track of your plan
when i show up, i blow up, end of story, my man
i'm a play you like a poker chip, that's what you get
i bet your fret, sweat, and regret you met
the titan of fightin', excitin' when writin', you triflin' toy-boy
i gotta enlighten, so start bitin'
you know you can't create and get mean like this
when i'm on the court, g, it's strictly swisssshhhh!
when it's all over, said and done, my friend
they say, "that {bad motherfucker} just scored again"
so take a step back, give me some room to wreck shop
here's your token back, you're gettin' off at the next stop
i'ma deliver and give a speech with vigor
i drink some olde e and start waxin {niggas}
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby
(they're jingling, baby) go 'head, baby 