jesus died for somebody's sins but not mine
melting in a pot of thieves wild card up my sleeve
thick, heart of stone; my sins, my own
they belong to me
me
people said beware but i don't care
their words are just rules and regulations to me
me
i walk in a room you know i look so proud
i move in this here atmosphere where anything's allowed
then i go to this here party and i just get bored
until i look out the window see a sweet young thing
humping on a parking meter leaning on the parking meter
oh, she looks so good
oh, she looks so fine
and i've got this crazy feeling that i'm going to make her mine
oh i'll put my spell on her here she comes
walking down the street here she comes
coming through my door here she comes
crawling up my stair here she comes
waltzing through the hall in a pretty red dress
and oh, she looks so good
oh, she looks so fine
and i've got this crazy feeling that i'm going to make her mine
then i hear this knocking on my door hear this knocking on my door
and i look up to the big tower clock and say oh my god it's midnight
and my baby is walking through the door laying on my couch
she whispers to me and i take the big plunge
and oh, she was so good
and oh, she was so fine
and i'm going to tell the world that i just made her mine
and i said darling, tell me your name, she told me her name
she whispered to me, she told me her name
and her name is, and her name is, and her name is, and her name is
g l o r i -
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria
i was at the stadium
there were two thousand girls
called their names out to me marie ruth but to tell you the truth
i didn't hear them
i didn't see
i let my eyes rise to the big tower clock
and i heard those bells chiming in my heart going ding-dong
ding-dong ding-dong ding-dong ding-dong ding-dong ding-dong
ding-dong
calling the time when you came to my room
and you whispered to me and we took the big plunge
and oh, you were so good
oh, you were so fine
and i've got to tell the world that i made ya mine, made ya mine
made her mine made ya mine made her mine made ya mine
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria
g-l-o-r i-a gloria
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria
when the tower bells chime
ding-dong they chime
i said that jesus died
for somebody's sins
but not mine
gloria
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria
g-l-o-r-i-a gloria

horses
the boy was in the hallway drinking a glass of tea (a glass of tea)
from the other end of the hallway a rhythm was generating
another boy was sliding up the hallway
(his gold nerves merged perfectly with the hallway)
he merged perfectly with the hallway
(a radiant light, an aura around the mirror merged and looked at johnny)
he merged perfectly, the mirror in the hallway
(fastened, in the kitchen)
the boy looked at johnny, johnny wanted to run
but the movie kept moving as planned
(johnny wanted to run but the movie kept moving as planned)
the boy took johnny (the boy took johnny), he pushed him against the locker (he pushed him against the locker)
he drove it in, he drove it home, he drove it deep in johnny (he drove it in, he drove it home)
the boy disappeared, johnny fell on his knees
started crashing his head against the locker
started crashing his head against the locker
started laughing hysterically
when suddenly johnny gets the feeling he's being surrounded by
horses, horses, horses, horses
coming in in all directions
white shining silver studs with their nose in flames
he saw horses, horses, horses, horses, horses, horses, horses, horses
land of a thousand dances
do you know how to pony like bony maroney?
do you know how to twist? well it goes like this, it goes like this
baby mash potato
do the alligator, do the alligator
and you twist the twister like your baby sister
i want your baby sister, give me your baby sister, i dig your baby sister
and rise up on her knees
do the sweet pea, do the sweet pee pee
roll down on her back
got to lose control, got to lose control
got to lose control and then you take control
then you're rolled down on your back
and you like it like that, like it like that, like it like that, like it like that
and then you do the watusi, yeah do the watusi
life is filled with holes, johnny's laying there in his sperm coffin
angel looks down at him and says, "oh, pretty boy can't you show me nothing but surrender?"
and johnny gets up, takes off his leather jacket
taped to his chest there's the answer
you got pen knives and jack knives and switchblades preferred, switchblades preferred
then he cries, then he screams, saying
"life is full of pain, i'm cruisin' through my brain"
and i fill my nose with snow and go rimbaud
go rimbaud, go rimbaud and go, johnny, go, and do the watusi, oh do the watusi
there's a little place, a place called space
it's a pretty little place, it's across the tracks
across the tracks and the name of the place is
you like it like that, you like it like that
you like it like that, you like it like that
and the name of the band is
twistelettes, twistelettes, twistelettes, twistelettes
twistelettes, twistelettes, twistelettes, twistelettes
baby calm down, better calm down
on the night, in the eye of the forest
there's a mare black and shining with yellow hair
i put my fingers through her silken hair and found a stair
and i didn't waste time, i just walked right up
and saw that up there, there is a sea (he's always staring)
up there there is a sea, up there there is a sea
the sea's the possibility (and in to time, he walked right up)
there is no land but the land (up there is just a sea of possibilities)
there is no sea but the sea (up there is a wall of possibilities)
there is no keeper but the key (up there there are several walls of possibilities)
except for one who seizes possibilities, one who seizes possibilities (up there)
i seize the first possibility, is the sea around me (there is a sea, there is a sea of possibilities)
i was standing there with my legs spread like a sailor
(in a sea of possibilities, up there, there is a) i felt his hand on my knee
(on the screen)
and i looked at johnny and handed him a branch of coral flame
(in the heart of man)
the waves were coming in like arabian stallions
gradually lapping into sea horses
he picked up the blade and he pressed it against his smooth throat
(the spoon)
and let it dip in
(the veins)
dip in to the sea, to the sea of possibilities
it started hardening
dip in to the sea, to the sea of possibilities
it started hardening in my hand
and i felt the arrows of desire, that
i put my hand inside his cranium, oh we had such a brainiac-amour
but no more, no more, i gotta move from my mind to the area
(go rimbaud, go rimbaud, go rimbaud)
and go johnny go and do the watusi
yeah do the watusi, do the watusi
shined open coiled snakes white and shiny twirling and encircling
our lives are now entwined, we will fall yes we're together twining
your nerves, your mane of the black shining horse
and my fingers all entwined through the air
i could feel it, it was the hair going through my fingers
(i feel it, i feel it, i feel it, i feel it)
the hairs were like wires going through my body
i—i that's how i
that's how i
i died
(at that tower of babel they knew what they were after)
(they knew what they were after)
 moved up
i tried to stop it, but it was too warm, too unbelievably smooth
like playing in the sea, in the sea of possibility, the possibility (no possibility, no possibility, no possibility)
(the possibilities) was a blade, a shiny blade, i hold the key to the sea of possibilities
there's no land but the land
la mer de
looked at my hands, and there's a red stream
that went streaming through the sands like fingers
like arteries, like fingers
(how much fits between the eyes of a horse?)
he lay, pressing it against his throat (your eyes)
he opened his throat (your eyes)
his vocal chords started shooting like (of a horse) mad pituitary glands
the scream he made (and my heart) was so high (my heart) pitched that nobody heard
no one heard that cry
no one heard (johnny) the butterfly flapping in his throat
(his fingers)
nobody heard, he was on that bed, it was like a sea of jelly
(throat) and so he seized the first
(his vocal chords shot up)
(the closest possibility)
(mad pituitary glands)
it was a black tube, he felt himself disintegrate
(there is nothin' happening at all)
and go inside the black tube, so when he looked out into the steep
saw this sweet young thing (fender one)
humping on the parking meter, leaning on the parking meter
in the sheets, there was a man
dancing around to the simple
rock and roll song

his father died and left him a little farm in new england
all the long black funeral cars left the scene
and the boy was just standing there alone
looking at the shiny red tractor
him and his daddy used to sit inside
and circle the blue fields and grease the night
it was as if someone had spread butter
on all the fine points of the stars
'cause when he looked up they started to slip
then he put his head in the crux of his arms
and he started to drift, drift to the belly of a ship
let the ship slide open, and he went inside of it
and saw his daddy behind the control board
streaming beads of light
he saw his daddy behind the control board
and he was very different tonight
'cause he was not human, he was not human
the little boy's face lit up with such naked joy
that the sun burned around his lids and his eyes were like two suns
white lids, white opals, seeing everything just a little bit too clearly
and he looked around and there was no black ship in sight
no black funeral cars, nothing except for him the raven
and fell on his knees and looked up and cried out
no, daddy, don't leave me here alone
take me up, daddy, to the belly of your ship
let the ship slide open and i'll go inside of it
where you are not human, you are not human
but nobody heard the boy's cry of alarm
nobody there except for the birds around the new england farm
and they gathered in all directions, like roses they scattered
and they were like compass grass coming together into the head of
a shaman bouquet. slit in his nose and all the others went shooting
and he saw the lights of traffic beckoning like the hands of blake
grabbing at his cheeks, taking out his neck, all his limbs
everything was twisted and he said:
i won't give up, won't give up, don't let me give up
i won't give up, come here, let me go up fast
take me up quick. take me up, up to the belly of a ship
and the ship slides open and i go inside of it
where i am not human
i am helium raven and this movie is mine
so he cried out as he stretched the sky
pushing it all out like latex cartoon
am i all alone in this generation?
we'll just be dreaming of animation night and day
it won't let up, won't let up and i see them coming in
oh, i couldn't hear them before, but i hear them now
it's a radar scope in all silver and all platinum lights
moving in like black ships
they were moving in, streams of them
and he put up his hands and he said:
it's me, it's me, i'll give you my eyes, take me up
oh now please take me up, i'm helium raven
waiting for you, please take me up, don't leave me here!
the son, the sign, the cross, like the shape of a tortured woman
the true shape of a tortured woman, the mother standing
in the doorway letting her sons, no longer presidents but prophets
they're all dreaming they're gonna bear the prophet
he's going to run through the fields dreaming in animation
it's all gonna split his skull, it's gonna come out
like a black bouquet shining, like a fist that's gonna shoot them up
like light, like mohammed boxer, take them up up up up up up
oh, let's go up up, take me up i'll go up i'm going up i'm going up
take me up, i'm going up, i'll go up there
go up go up go up go up up up up up up up
up, up to the belly of a ship. let the ship slide open
we'll go inside of it where we are not human we're not human
well, there was sand, there were tiles
the sun had melted the sand and it coagulated like a river of glass
when it hardened he looked at the surface, he saw his face
and where there were eyes were just two white opals, two white opals
where there were eyes there were just two white opals
and he looked up and the rays shot, and then he saw raven coming in
and he crawled on his back and he went up up up up up up up
sha da do wop, da shaman do way, sha da do wop, da shaman do way
sha da do wop, da shaman do way, sha da do wop, da shaman do way
sha da do wop, da shaman do way
we like birdland

late afternoon dreaming hotel
we just had the quarrel that sent you away
i was looking for you are you gone gone
called you on the phone another dimension
well you never returned oh you know what i mean
i went looking for you are you gone gone
down by the ocean it was so dismal
women all standing with shock on their faces
sad description oh i was looking for you
everyone was singing girl is washed up
on redondo beach and everyone is so sad
i was looking for you are you gone gone
pretty little girl everyone cried
she was the victim of sweet suicide
i went looking for you are you gone gone
down by the ocean it was so dismal
women all standing with shock on their faces
sad description oh i was looking for you
desk clerk told me girl was washed up
was small and angel with apple blonde hair now
i went looking for you are you gone gone
picked up my key didn't reply
went to my room started to cry
you were small and angel are you gone gone
down by the ocean it was so dismal
i was just standing with shock on my face
the hearse pulled away
the girl that had died it was you
you'll never return into my arms
'cause you are gone gone
never return into my arms
ccause you are gone gone
gone gone gone gone
good-bye

every night before i go to sleep
find a ticket, win a lottery
scoop the pearls up from the sea
cash them in and buy you all the things you need
every night before i rest my head
see those dollar bills go swirling 'round my bed
i know they're stolen, but i don't feel bad
i take that money, buy you things you never had
oh, baby, it would mean so much to me
oh, baby, to buy you all the things you need for free
i'll buy you a jet plane, baby
get you on a higher plane to a jet stream
and take you through the stratosphere
and check out the planets there and then take you down
deep where it's hot, hot in arabia
baby, then cool, cold fields of snow
and we'll roll, dream, roll, dream, roll, roll, dream, dream
when we dream it, when we dream it, when we dream it
we'll dream it, dream it for free, free money
free money, free money
free money, free money
free money, free money
every night before i go to sleep
find a ticket, win a lottery
every night before i rest my head
see those dollar bills go swirling 'round my bed
oh, baby, it would mean so much to me
baby, i know our troubles will be gone
oh, i know our troubles will be gone, goin' gone
if we dream, dream, dream for free
and when we dream it, when we dream it, when we dream it
let's dream it, we'll dream it for free, free money
free money, free money
free money, free money
free money, money
free money, free money, free money, free

i was dreaming in my dreaming
of an aspect bright and fair
and my sleeping, it was broken
but my dream, it lingered near
in the form of shining valleys
where the pure air recognized
and my senses newly opened
i awakened to the cry

that the people have the power
to redeem the work of fools
upon the meek the graces shower
it's decreed: the people rule

people have the power
people have the power
people have the power
people have the power

vengeful aspect became suspect
and bending low as if to hear
and the armies ceased advancing
because the people had their ear
and the shepherds and the soldiers
lay beneath the stars
exchanging visions and laying arms
to waste in the dust

in the form of shining valleys
where the pure air recognized
and my senses newly opened
i awakened to the cry

people have the power
people have the power
people have the power
people have the power

where there were deserts i saw fountains
like cream the waters rise
and we strolled there together
with none to laugh or criticize
and the leopard and the lamb
lay together truly bound
i was hoping in my hoping
to recall what i had found

i was dreaming in my dreaming
god knows a purer view
as i lay down to my sleeping
i commit my dream to you

people have the power
people have the power
people have the power
people have the power

the power to dream, to rule
to wrestle the world from fools
it's decreed: the people rule
it's decreed: the people rule
listen. i believe everything we dream
can come to pass through our union
we can turn the world around
we can turn the earth's revolution

we have the power
people have the power
people have the power
people have the power

the power to dream, to rule
to wrestle the world from fools
it's decreed: the people rule
it's decreed: the people rule
we have the power
we have the power
the people have the power
we have the power

the wall is high, the black barn
the babe in my arms in her swaddling clothes
and i know soon that the sky will split
and the planets will shift
balls of jade will drop and existence will stop
little sister, the sky is falling, i don't mind, i don't mind
little sister, the fates are calling on you
ah, here i stand again in this old 'lectric whirlwind
the sea rushes up my knees like flame
and i feel like just some misplaced joan of arc
and the cause is you lookin' up at me
oh baby, i remember when you were born
it was dawn and the storm settled in my belly
and i rolled in the grass and i spit out the gas
and i lit a match and the void went flash
and the sky split and the planets hit
balls of jade dropped and existence stopped, stopped, stop, stop
little sister, the sky is falling, i don't mind, i don't mind
little sister, the fates are calling on you
i was goin' crazy, so crazy i knew i could break through with you
so with one hand i rocked you and with one heart i reached for you
ah, i knew your youth was for the takin', fire on a mental plane
so i ran through the fields as the bats with their baby vein faces
burst from the barn and flames in a violent violet sky
and i fell on my knees and pressed you against me
your soul was like a network of spittle
like glass balls movin' in like cold streams of logic
and i prayed as the lightning attacked
that something will make it go crack, something will make it go crack
something will make it go crack, something will make it go crack
the palm trees fall into the sea
it doesn't matter much to me
as long as you're safe, kimberly
and i can gaze deep
into your starry eyes, baby, looking deep in your eyes, baby
looking deep in your eyes, baby, looking deep in your eyes, baby
into your starry eyes, oh
oh, in your starry eyes, baby
looking deep in your eyes, baby, looking deep in your eyes, baby, oh
oh, looking deep in your eyes, baby
into your starry eyes, baby, looking deep in your eyes, baby

load up on guns, bring your friends
it's fun to lose and to pretend
she's over-bored, myself assured
i know, i know a dirty word

hello, hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello

with the lights out it's less dangerous
here we are now, entertain us
i feel stupid and contagious
here we are now, entertain us
a mulatto, an albino
a mosquito, my libido
yeah

i'm worse at what i do best
and for this gift, i feel blessed
our little group has always been
and always will until the end

hello, hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello

with the lights out it's less dangerous
here we are now, entertain us
i feel stupid and contagious
here we are now, entertain us
a mulatto, an albino
a mosquito, my libido
yeah

and i forget just what it takes
and yet i guess it makes me smile
i found it hard, it's hard to find
oh well, whatever, nevermind

hello, hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello

the empty hand of innocence
transfusing street of the sorrows
and children of the wood
hounded, shredding all veils
and winding all sheets of the dead world droning
overturning tables laden with silver sacrificial birds
beating goat-skin drums
advancing with hands outstretched
and we keep filling them with mercury nitrate, asbestos
baby bombs blasting blue
scavengers picking through the ashes
children of the mills, children of the junkyards
sleepy, illiterate, fuzzy little rats
haunted, paint-sniffin'
stoned out of their shaved heads
forgotten, foraging, mystical children
foul-mouthed, glassy eyed, hallucinating

hello, hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello, hello
hello

with the lights out it's less dangerous
here we are now, entertain us
i feel stupid and contagious
here we are now, entertain us
a mulatto, an albino
a mosquito, my libido
ah, la la da, ah, la la da
ah, la la la, ah, ma la ta
an albina, a mosquito
my libido, oh, my libido

oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

car stopped in a clearing
ribbon of life, it was nearing
i saw the boy break out of his skin
my heart turned over and i crawled in
he cried, "break it up, oh i don't understand
break it up, i can't comprehend
break it up, oh, i want to feel you
break it up, don't talk to me that way
i'm not listening"
snow started falling
i could hear the angel calling
we rolled on the ground, he stretched out his wings
the boy flew away and he started to sing
he sang, "break it up, oh, i don't understand
break it up, i can't comprehend
break it up, oh, i want to feel you
break it up, don't look at me"
the sky was raging, the boy disappeared
i fell on my knees
atmosphere broke up, the boy reappeared
i cried, "take me please!"
ice, it was shining
i could feel my heart, it was melting
i tore off my clothes, i danced on my shoes
i ripped my skin open and then i broke through
i cried, "break it up, oh, now i understand
break it up, and i want to go
break it up, oh please take me with you
break it up, i can feel it breaking
i can feel it breaking, i can feel it breaking
i can feel, i can feel, i can feel, i can feel."
so break it up, oh now i'm coming with you
break it up, now i'm gonna go
break it up, oh, feel me, i'm coming
break it up, break it up, break it up
break it up, break it up, break it up
oh, break it up, break it up, break it up
break it up, break it up, break it on up
break it up, break it on up, up, up
break it, break it, break it, break it
break it on up, break it up
break it up, break it up, break it up

i just don't know what to do tonight
my head is aching as i drink and breathe
memory falls like cream in my bones
moving on my own
there must be something i can dream tonight
the air is filled with the moves of you
all the fire is frozen yet still i have the will, ooh, ah
trumpets, violins, i hear them in the distance
and my skin emits a ray
but i think it's sad, it's much too bad
that our friends can't be with us today

people try to put us down (talkin' 'bout my generation)
just because we g-g-g-get around (talkin' 'bout my generation)
i don't need their fucking shit (talkin' 'bout my generation)
i hope i die because of it (talkin' 'bout my generation)

why don't you all fade away (talkin' 'bout my generation)
and don't try to dig what we all s-s-say (talkin' 'bout my generation)
i'm not trying to cause a big sensation (talkin' 'bout my generation)
i'm just talkin' 'bout my generation (talkin' 'bout my generation)
my generation, baby
my generation, baby
john cale
bababababababababa

my generation, baby
my generation, baby
i'm not trying to cause a b-big s-s-sensation (talkin' 'bout my generation)
i'm just talkin' 'bout my g-g-generation (talkin' 'bout my generation)
my generation, baby
my generation, baby
oh, so young
i'm so goddamn young
i'm so young
i'm so goddamn young
oh, so young
i'm so goddamn young
we created it, let's take it over

sixteen and time to pay off
i get this job in a piss factory
inspecting pipes
forty hours
thirty-six dollars a week
but it's a pay-check, jack
so hot in here, hot like sahara
you could faint from the heat
but these bitches are just too lame to understand
too goddamned grateful to get this job
to know they're getting screwed up the ass
all these women
they got no teeth, or gum, or cranium
and the way they suck hot sausage
but me?
well, i wasn't saying too much neither
i was more a school girl
hard-working asshole
i figured i was speedo motorcycle
i had to earn my dough
had to earn my dough
but no, you got to
you got to relate, babe
you got to find the rhythm within
floor boss slides up to me and he says "hey sister
you're just moving too fast
you're screwing up the quota. you're doing your piece work too fast
now you get off your mustang, sally,
you ain't going nowhere
you ain't going nowhere."
i laid back, i get my nerve up
i take a swig of romilar
and walk up to hot shit dot hook
and i say
"hey
hey sister
it don't matter whether i do labor fast or slow
there's always more labor after."
she's real catholic, see
she fingers her cross
and she says
“there is one reason
there is one reason
you do it my way or i push your face in
we knee you in the john if you don't get off your mustang, sally
if you don't shake it up baby
shake it up baby
twist and shout”
oh, would i could hear a radio here
james brown singing 'i lost someone'
or the jesters
and the paragons
and georgie woods, the guy with the goods
and guided missiles
but no
i got nothing
no diversion
no window
nothing here but a porthole in the plaster
in the plaster
where i look down, look at sweet theresa's convent
all those nurses, all those nuns
scatting round with their blue hoods
like cats in mourning.
or to me they
you know, to me they look pretty damn free down there
down there
not having to press those smooth
not having to smooth those hands against hot steel
not having to worry about the in-speed
the dogma of in-speed labor
or then, they’re pretty damn free down there
the way they smell
the way they smell
and here i got to be up here
smelling dot hook's midwife sweat
i would rather smell the way boys smell
oh, those schoolboys
way their legs flap under the desk in the study hall
that odor rising
roses and ammonia
and the way their dicks droop like lilacs
or the way they smell that forbidden acrid smell
but no
i got to
i got to put clammy lady in my nostril
her against the wheel
me against the wheel
oh, the in-speed, slow motion inspection
is driving me insane
in steel next to dot hook
oh, we may look the same
shoulder to shoulder
sweating 110 degrees
but i will never faint
i will never faint
they laugh and they expect me to faint
but i will never faint
i refuse to lose
i refuse to fall down
because, you see
it's the monotony that's got to me
every afternoon like the last one
every afternoon like a re-run
next to dot hook
and yes, we look the same
both pumping steel
both sweating
but you know she got nothing to hide
and i got something to hide here
called desire.
i got something to hide here
called desire
and i will get out of here
you know that fear potion is just about to come
in my nose is the taste of sugar
and i got nothing to hide here
save desire
and i'm going to go
i'm going to get out of here
i'm going to get out of here
i'm going to get on that train
and i'm going to go on that train
and go to new york city
i'm going to be somebody
i'm getting
going to get on that train
go to new york city
i'm going to be so big
i'm going to be a big star
and i will never return
never return
no, never return to burn at this piss factory
and i will travel light
oh, watch me now.

honey, the way you play guitar
makes me feel so
makes me feel so
masochistic
the way you go down low deep into the neck
and i would do anything
and i would do anything
and patty hearst
you standing there in front of the
symbionese liberation army flag with your legs spread
i was wondering were you gettin' it every night
from a black revolutionary man
and his women
or were you really dead
and now that you're on the run what goes on in your mind
your sisters they sit by the window
and all your mama does is sit and cry
and your daddy
well you know what your daddy said patty
you know what your daddy said patty?
he said, he said, he said
well, sixty days ago she was such a lovely child
now here she is with a gun in her hand...
hey joe, where're you goin' with that gun in your hand?
hey joe, i said where you goin' with that gun in your hand?
i'm gonna go shoot my ol' lady
you know i found her messin' around town with another man
and you know that ain't cool, watch me
hey joe, i heard you shot your woman down
you shot her down to the ground, you shot her
yes i did, yes i did
yes i did, i shot her, i shot her
i caught her messin' round with some other man
so i got my gun, i gave her the gun and i shot her, i shot her, shoot her one more time for me
hey joe, where you gonna, where you gonna run to?
where you gonna run to, joe
where you gonna run to ?
got a cover, i'm gonna go down south
i'm gonna go down south to mexico
i'm going down, down, down to mexico
where a man can be free
no one's gonna put a noose around my neck
no one is gonna give me life, no
i'm goin' down to mexico, i'm going down
you're not going to hear 'em stand there
and look at the stars as big as holes in the arms
and the sky is like a back drop, like a flag
and i was standin' there in front of that flag
with a car bomb between my legs
you know, i felt so free of death beyond me
i felt so free, the f.b.i. is looking for me baby
but they'll never gonna find me, no
they can hunt me down like a dog
and i will stay on the run
and they can speculate what i'm feelin'
but daddy, daddy, you'll never know just what i was feelin'
but i'll tell you
i am no little pretty little rich girl
i am nobody's million dollar baby
i am nobody's patsy anymore
i'm nobody's million dollar baby
i'm nobody's patsy anymore
and i feel so free...

yet you could feel a vibration in the air, a sense of hastening. it had started with the moon, inaccessible poem that it was. now men had walked upon it, rubber treads on a pearl of the gods. perhaps it was an awareness of time passing, the last summer of the decade. sometimes i just wanted to raise my hands and stop. but stop what? maybe just growing up.
the moon was on the cover of life magazine, but the headlines of every newspaper were emblazoned with the brutal murders of sharon tate and her companions. the manson murders didn’t gel with any film noir vision i had of crime, but it was the kind of news that sparked the imagination of the hotel inhabitants. nearly every one was obsessed with charles manson. at first robert went over every detail with harry and peggy, but i couldn’t bear talking about it. the last moments of sharon tate haunted me, imagining her
horror knowing that they were about to slaughter her unborn child. i retreated into my poems, scrawling in an orange composition book. envisioning brian jones floating facedown in a swimming pool was as much tragedy as i could handle.
robert had a fascination with human behavior, in what drove seemingly normal people to create mayhem. he kept up with the manson news but his curiosity waned as manson’s behavior grew more bizarre. when matthew showed robert a newspaper picture of manson with an x carved on his forehead, robert lifted the x, using the symbol in a drawing.“the x interests me, but not manson,” he said to matthew. “he’s insane. insanity doesn’t interest me.”
a week or two later i waltzed into the el quixote looking for harry and peggy. it was a bar-restaurant adjacent to the hotel, connected to the lobby by its own door, which made it feel like our bar, as it had been for decades. dylan thomas, terry southern, eugene o’neill, and thomas wolfe were among those who had raised one too many a glass there.
i was wearing a long rayon navy dress with white polka dots and a straw hat, my east of eden outfit. at the table to my left, janis joplin was holding court with her band. to my far right were grace slick and the jefferson airplane, along with members of country joe and the fish. at the last table facing the door was jimi hendrix, his head lowered, eating with his hat on, across from a blonde. there were musicians everywhere, sitting before tables laid with mounds of shrimp with green sauce, paella, pitchers of sangria, and bottles of tequila.
i stood there amazed, yet i didn’t feel like an intruder. the chelsea was my home and the el quixote my bar. there were no security guards, no pervasive sense of privilege. they were here for the woodstock festival, but i was so afflicted by hotel oblivion that i wasn’t aware of the festival or what it meant. grace slick got up and brushed past me. she was wearing a floor-length tie-dyed dress and had dark violet eyes like liz taylor.
“hello,” i said, noticing i was taller.
“hello yourself,” she said.
when i went back upstairs i felt an inexplicable sense of kinship with these people, though i had no way to interpret my feeling of prescience. i could never have predicted that i would one day walk in their path. at that moment i was still a gangly twenty-two-year-old book clerk, struggling simultaneously with several unfinished poems.
on that night, too excited to sleep, infinite possibilities seemed to swirl above me. i stared up at the plaster ceiling as i had done as a child. it seemed to me that the vibrating patterns overhead were sliding into place.
the mandala of my life.
*
mr. bard returned the ransom. i unlocked our door and saw our portfolios leaning against the wall, the black with black ribbons, the red with gray ribbons. i untied them both and carefully looked at each drawing. i couldn’t be sure if bard had even looked at the work. certainly if he had, he didn’t see it with my eyes. each drawing, each collage, reaffirmed my faith in our ability. the work was good. we deserved to be here.
robert was frustrated that bard didn’t accept our art as recompense. he was anxious about how we’d get by since that afternoon both his moving jobs were canceled. he lay on the bed with his white t-shirt, dungarees, and huaraches, looking very much like the day we met. but when he opened his eyes to look at me he did not smile. we were like fishermen throwing out our nets. the net was strong but often wereturned from ventures empty-handed. i figured we had to step up the action and find someone who would invest in robert. like michelangelo, robert just needed his own version of a pope. with so many influential people passing through the doors of the chelsea, it was conceivable we could one day secure him a patron. life at the chelsea was an open market, everyone with something of himself to sell.
in the meantime we agreed to forget our cares for the night. we took a little money from our savings and walked to forty-second street. we stopped at a photo booth in playland to take our pictures, a strip of four shots for a quarter. we got a hot dog and papaya drink at benedict’s, then merged with the action. boys on shore leave, prostitutes, runaways, abused tourists, and assorted victims of alien abduction. it was an urban boardwalk with kino parlors, souvenir stands, cuban diners, strip clubs, and late-night pawnshops. for fifty cents one could slip inside a theater draped in stained velvet and watch foreign films paired with soft porn.
we hit the used paperback stalls stocked with greasy pulp novels and pinup magazines. robert was always on the lookout for collage material and i for obscure ufo tracts or detective novels with lurid covers. i scored a copy of the ace double novel edition of junkie by william burroughs under his pseudonym william lee, which i never resold. robert found a few loose pages from a portfolio of sketches of aryan boys in motorcycle caps by tom of finland.
for just a couple dollars we both got lucky. we headed home holding hands. for a moment i dropped back to watch him walk. his sailor’s gait always touched me. i knew one day i would stop and he would keep on going, but until then nothing could tear us apart.
the last weekend of the summer i went home to visit my parents. i walked to port authority feeling optimistic as i boarded the bus to south jersey, looking forward to seeing my family and going to secondhand bookstores in mullica hill. we were all book lovers and i usually found something to resell in the city. i found a first edition of doctor martino signed by william faulkner.
the atmosphere at my parents’ house was uncharacteristically bleak. my brother was about to enlist in the navy, and my mother, though intensely patriotic, was distraught at the prospect of todd being shipped off to vietnam. my father was deeply disturbed by the my lai massacre. “man’s inhumanity to man,” he would say, quoting robert burns. i watched him plant a weeping willow in the backyard. it seemed to symbolize his sorrow for the direction our country had taken.
later people would say the murder at the altamont stones concert in december marked the end of the idealism of the sixties. for me it punctuated the duality of the summer of 1969, woodstock and the manson cult, our masked ball of confusion.

oh
to be
not
anyone
gone
this maze
of being
skin
oh to cry
not any cry
so mournful
that
the dove
just laughs
and
the steadfast
gasps
oh to owe
not anyone
nothing
to be
not here
but here
forsaking
equatorial bliss
who walked
through
the callow mist
dressed in scraps
who walked
the curve
of the world
whose bone
scraped
whose flesh
unfurled
who grieves
not
anyone gone
to greet lame
the inspired sky
amazed to stumble
where gods
get lost
beneath
the southern
cross

baby was a black sheep. baby was a whore
baby got big and baby get bigger
baby get something. baby get more
baby, baby, baby was a rock-and-roll nigger
oh, look around you, all around you
riding on a copper wave
do you like the world around you?
are you ready to behave?
outside of society, they're waitin' for me
outside of society, that's where i want to be
(lenny!)
baby was a black sheep. baby was a whore
you know she got big. well, she's gonna get bigger
baby got a hand; got a finger on the trigger
baby, baby, baby is a rock-and-roll nigger
outside of society, that's where i want to be
outside of society, they're waitin' for me
(those who have suffered, understand suffering
and thereby extend their hand
the storm that brings harm
also makes fertile
blessed is the grass
and herb and the true thorn and light)
i was lost in a valley of pleasure
i was lost in the infinite sea
i was lost, and measure for measure
love spewed from the heart of me
i was lost, and the cost
and the cost didn't matter to me
i was lost, and the cost
was to be outside society
jimi hendrix was a nigger
jesus christ and grandma, too
jackson pollock was a nigger
nigger, nigger, nigger, nigger
nigger, nigger, nigger
outside of society, they're waitin' for me
outside of society, if you're looking
that's where you'll find me
outside of society, they're waitin' for me
outside of society

toward another he has gone
to breathe an air beyond his own
toward a wisdom beyond the shelf
toward a dream that dreams itself

about a boy beyond it all
about a boy beyond it all

from the forest from the foam
from the field that he had known
toward a river twice as blessed
toward the inn of happiness

about a boy beyond it all
about a boy beyond it all

from a chaos raging sweet
from the deep and dismal street
toward another kind of peace
toward the great emptiness

about a boy beyond it all
about a boy beyond it all

i stood among them i listened
i stood among them i listened not
i stood among them and i heard myself
who i've loved better than you
so much so that i walked on
into the face of god
away from your world
and my sour stomach
into the face of god, who said
boy, i knew thee not, but boy
now that i have you in my face
i embrace you. i welcome you
he was just a boy
whirling in the snow
just a little boy
who would never grow

i was down in georgia
nothing was as real
as the street beneath a'my feet
descending into air
the cauldron was a'bubbling
the flesh was lean
and the women moved forward
like piranhas in a stream
they spread themselves before me
an offering so sweet
and they beckoned
come on darling eat

eat the summer cannibals
eat eat eat
you eat the summer cannibals
eat eat eat

they circled around me
natives in a ring
and i saw their souls a'withering
like snakes in chains
and they wrapped themselves around me
ummm what a treat
and they rattled their tales
hissing come on let's eat


i felt a rising in my throat
the girls a'saying  grace
and the air the vicious air
pressed against my face
and it all got too damn much for me
just got too damn rough
and i pushed away my plate
and said boys i've had enough
and i laid upon the table
just another piece of meat
and i opened up my veins to them
and said come on eat


i was down in georgia
nothing was as real
as the street beneath a'my feet
descending into hell
so eat eat eat
eat eat eat

i'm with you always
you're ever on my mind
in a light to last a whole life through

each way i turn the sense of you surrounds
in every step i take in all i do
your thoughts your schemes
captivate my dreams
everlasting ever new

sea returns to sea
and sky to sky
in a life of dream am i
when i'm with you

deep in my heart
how the presence of you shines
in a light to last a whole life through
i recall the wonder of it all
each dream of life i'll share with you



the hand above turns those leaves of love
all and all a timeless view
each dream of life
flung from paradise
everlasting ever new
dream of life

we were going to see the world
in this land we placed baptismal fonts
and an infinite number were baptized
and they called us caribe
which means men of great wisdom
where are you going?
and are you going anywhere?
where are we going?
send me a letter
if you go at all
ah the salvation of souls
but wisdom we had not
for these people had neither king nor lord
and bowed to no one
and they had lived in their own liberty
where are you going?
and are you going anywhere?
going in circles, going in circles anywhere
i saw and knew the inconstant shifting of fortune
and now i write to you
words that have not been written
words from the new world
tracing the circles
moving across my eyes
lying on the ship
and gazing at the western sky
tracing lazy circles in the sky
hey--wake up!--wake up!
where are you going?
and are you going anywhere?
where are you going?
send me a letter
if you go at all
it's such a delight to watch them dance
free of sacrifice and romance
free of all the things that we hold dear
is that clear your excellency?
and i guess it's time to go but
i gotta send you just a few more lines
from the new world
tracing the circles
moving across my eyes
lying on the ship
and gazing at the western sky
tracing lazy circles in the sky
tracing lazy circles in the sky
tracing lazy circles
and the sky opened
and we laid down our armor
and we danced naked as they
baptized in the rain
of the new world