and disciplinary remains mercifully
yes and um, i’m with you derek, this star nonsense
yes, yes, now which is it?
i am sure of it

so, so you think you can tell
heaven from hell? blue skies from pain?
can you tell a green field from a cold steel rail?
a smile from a veil? do you think you can tell?
did they get you to trade your heroes for ghosts?
hot ashes for trees? hot air for a cool breeze?
cold comfort for change? did you exchange
a walk-on part in the war
for a lead role in a cage?


how i wish, how i wish you were here
we're just two lost souls swimming in a fishbowl year after year
running over the same old ground, what have we found?
the same old fears, wish you were here
 

ticking away the moments that make up a dull day
fritter and waste the hours in an offhand way
kicking around on a piece of ground in your hometown
waiting for someone or something to show you the way
tired of lying in the sunshine, staying home to watch the rain
you are young and life is long and there is time to kill today
and then one day you find ten years have got behind you
no one told you when to run, you missed the starting gun

and you run, and you run to catch up with the sun, but it's sinking
racing around to come up behind you again
the sun is the same in a relative way, but you're older
shorter of breath, and one day closer to death
every year is getting shorter, never seem to find the time
plans that either come to naught or half a page of scribbled lines
hanging on in quiet desperation is the english way
the time is gone, the song is over, thought i'd something more to say

home, home again
i like to be here when i can
and when i come home cold and tired
it's good to warm my bones beside the fire
far away across the field
the tolling of the iron bell
calls the faithful to their knees
to hear the softly spoken magic spells 

hello? (hello, hello, hello)
is there anybody in there?
just nod if you can hear me
is there anyone home?
come on (come on, come on), now
i hear you're feeling down
well, i can ease your pain
and get you on your feet again
relax (relax, relax, relax)
i'll need some information first
just the basic facts
can you show me where it hurts?
there is no pain, you are receding
a distant ship, smoke on the horizon
you are only coming through in waves
your lips move, but i can't hear what you're saying
when i was a child, i had a fever
my hands felt just like two balloons
now i've got that feeling once again
i can't explain, you would not understand
this is not how i am
i have become comfortably numb

i have become comfortably numb
okay (okay, okay, okay)
just a little pinprick
there'll be no more
but you may feel a little sick
can you stand up? (stand up, stand up)
i do believe it's working, good
that'll keep you going through the show
come on, it's time to go
there is no pain, you are receding
a distant ship, smoke on the horizon
you are only coming through in waves
your lips move, but i can't hear what you're saying
when i was a child, i caught a fleeting glimpse
out of the corner of my eye
i turned to look, but it was gone
i cannot put my finger on it now
the child is grown, the dream is gone
i have become comfortably numb
 

we don't need no education
we don't need no thought control
no dark sarcasm in the classroom
teacher, leave them kids alone
hey! teacher! leave them kids alone!

all in all, it's just another brick in the wall
all in all, you're just another brick in the wall
we don't need no education
we don't need no thought control
no dark sarcasm in the classroom
teachers, leave them kids alone
hey! teacher! leave us kids alone!

all in all, you're just another brick in the wall
all in all, you're just another brick in the wall

wrong, do it again! (*children playing*)
wrong, do it again!
if you don't eat your meat, you can't have any pudding!
(wrong, do it again!)
how can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?
(wrong, do it again!)
you! yes! you behind the bike sheds! stand still, laddie!
(if you don't eat your meat, you can't have any pudding!
how can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?)
(you! yes! you behind the bike sheds! stand still, laddie!)
*children playing*
*phone beeping sound* 

money, get away
you get a good job with more pay and you're okay
money, it's a gas
grab that cash with both hands and make a stash
new car, caviar, four-star daydream
think i'll buy me a football team

money, get back
i'm alright, jack, keep your hands off of my stack
money, it's a hit
ah, don't give me that do-goody-good bullshit
i'm in the high-fidelity first class travelling set
and i think i need a learjet



money, it's a crime
share it fairly, but don't take a slice of my pie
money, so they say
is the root of all evil today
but if you ask for a rise, it's no surprise
that they're giving none away
away, away, away
away, away, away
away, ooh...
- yeah -- (chuckles) -- i was in the right!
- yes, absolutely in the right!
- i certainly was in the right!
- yeah, i was definitely in the right; that geezer was cruising for a bruising...
- yeah
- why does anyone do anything?
- i don't know, i was really drunk at the time...
- i was just telling him it was in, he could get it in number two. he was asking why it wasn't coming up on fader eleven. after, i was yelling and screaming and telling him why it wasn't coming up on fader eleven. it came to a heavy blow, which sorted the matter out 

the lunatic is on the grass
the lunatic is on the grass
remembering games and daisy chains and laughs
got to keep the loonies on the path
the lunatic is in the hall
the lunatics are in my hall
the paper holds their folded faces to the floor
and every day the paperboy brings more

and if the dam breaks open many years too soon
and if there is no room upon the hill
and if your head explodes with dark forebodings too
i'll see you on the dark side of the moon

the lunatic is in my head (hahahahahahaha! hehehehehehehe!)
the lunatic is in my head
you raise the blade
you make the change
you rearrange me till i'm sane
you lock the door
and throw away the key
and there's someone in my head but it's not me
and if the cloud bursts, thunder in your ear
you shout and no one seems to hear
and if the band you're in starts playing different tunes
i'll see you on the dark side of the moon

i can't think of anything to say except...
hahahahahahaha! hehehehehehehe!
i think it's marvellous!
hahaha... 

breathe, breathe in the air
don't be afraid to care
leave but don't leave me
look around and choose your own ground

for long you live and high you fly
and smiles you'll give and tears you'll cry
and all you touch and all you see
is all your life will ever be

run, rabbit, run
dig that hole, forget the sun
and when at last the work is done
don't sit down, it's time to dig another one

for long you live and high you fly
but only if you ride the tide
and balanced on the biggest wave
you race towards an early grave 

remember when you were young
you shone like the sun

shine on, you crazy diamond

now there's a look in your eyes
like black holes in the sky

shine on, you crazy diamond

you were caught in the crossfire of childhood and stardom
blown on the steel breeze
come on, you target for faraway laughter
come on, you stranger, you legend, you martyr, and shine
you reached for the secret too soon
you cried for the moon

shine on, you crazy diamond

threatened by shadows at night
and exposed in the light

shine on (shine on), you crazy diamond (you crazy diamond)

well, you wore out your welcome with random precision
rode on the steel breeze
come on, you raver, you seer of visions
come on, you painter, you piper, you prisoner, and shine
 

hey you
out there in the cold, getting lonely, getting old
can you feel me?
hey you
standing in the aisles with itchy feet and fading smiles
can you feel me?
hey you
don't help them to bury the light
don't give in without a fight

hey you
out there on your own, sitting naked by the phone
would you touch me?
hey you
with your ear against the wall, waiting for someone to call out
could you touch me?
hey you
would you help me to carry the stone?
open your heart, i'm coming home

but it was only fantasy
the wall was too high, as you can see
no matter how he tried, he could not break free
and the worms ate into his brain

hey you
out there on the road, always doing what you're told
can you help me?
hey you
out there beyond the wall, breaking bottles in the hall
can you help me?
hey you
don't tell me there's no hope at all
together we stand, divided we fall

(we fall, we fall, we fall, we fall, we fall, we fall, we fall, we fall...) 

us (us, us, us, us, us) and them (them, them, them, them)
and after all we're only ordinary men
me (me, me, me, me, me) and you (you, you, you, you, you)
god only knows it's not what we would choose to do
"forward" he cried from the rear
and the front rank died
the general sat and the lines on the map
moved from side to side

black (black, black, black, black) and blue (blue, blue, blue, blue)
and who knows which is which and who is who
up (up, up, up, up, up) and down (down, down, down, down)
and in the end it's only round and round, and round
"haven't you heard it's a battle of words?"
the poster bearer cried
"listen, son," said the man with the gun
"there's room for you inside"

i mean, they're not gonna kill ya
so like, if you give 'em a quick short, sharp, shock
they won't do it again
dig it? i mean he got off lightly
'cause i would've given him a thrashing
i only hit him once!
it was only a difference of opinion
but really, i mean good manners don't cost nothing do they, eh?

down (down, down, down, down) and out (out, out, out, out)
it can't be helped but there's a lot of it about
with (with, with, with, with), without
and who'll deny it's what the fighting's all about?
out of the way, it's a busy day
i've got things on my mind
for want of the price of tea and a slice
the old man died 

overhead the albatross hangs motionless upon the air
and deep beneath the rolling waves in labyrinths of coral caves
the echo of a distant time comes willowing across the sand
and everything is green and submarine

and no one showed us to the land
and no one knows the wheres or whys
but something stirs and something tries
and starts to climb towards the light

strangers passing in the street
by chance two separate glances meet
and i am you
and what i see is me
and do i take you by the hand
and lead you through the land
and help me understand the best i can?

and no one calls us to move on
and no one forces down our eyes
no one speaks and no one tries
no one flies around the sun

cloudless every day you fall
upon my waking eyes
inviting and inciting me to rise
and through the window in the wall
come streaming in on sunlight wings
a million bright ambassadors of morning

and no one sings me lullabies
and no one makes me close my eyes
so i throw the windows wide
and call to you across the sky
 

you got to be crazy, you gotta have a real need
you gotta sleep on your toes and when you're on the street
you got to be able to pick out the easy meat with your eyes closed
and then moving in silently, down wind and out of sight
you got to strike when the moment is right without thinking
and after a while, you can work on points for style
like the club tie, and the firm handshake
a certain look in the eye and an easy smile
you have to be trusted by the people that you lie to
so that when they turn their backs on you
you'll get the chance to put the knife in

you gotta keep one eye looking over your shoulder
you know, it's going to get harder, and harder, and harder
as you get older
yeah, and in the end you'll pack up and fly down south
hide your head in the sand
just another sad old man
all alone and dying of cancer


and when you lose control, you'll reap the harvest you have sown
and as the fear grows, the bad blood slows and turns to stone
and it's too late to lose the weight you used to need to throw around
so have a good drown, as you go down all alone
dragged down by the stone
(stone, stone, stone...)
got to admit that i'm a little bit confused
sometimes it seems to me as if i'm just being used
gotta stay awake, gotta try and shake off this creeping malaise
if i don't stand my own ground, how can i find my way out of this maze
deaf, dumb and blind, you just keep on pretending
that everyone's expendable, and no one has a real friend
and it seems to you the thing to do would be to isolate the winner
everything's done under the sun
but you believe at heart everyone's a killer


who was born in a house full of pain
who was trained not to spit in the fan
who was told what to do by the man
who was broken by trained personnel
who was fitted with collar and chain
who was given a pat on the back
who was breaking away from the pack
who was only a stranger at home
who was ground down in the end
who was found dead on the phone
who was dragged down by the stone
who was dragged down by the stone 

mother, do you think they'll drop the bomb?
mother, do you think they'll like this song?
mother, do you think they'll try to break my balls?
ooh-ah, mother, should i build the wall?

mother, should i run for president?
mother, should i trust the government?
mother, will they put me in the firing line?
ooh-ah, is it just a waste of time?
hush now, baby, baby, don't you cry
mamma's gonna make all of your nightmares come true
mamma's gonna put all of her fears into you
mamma's gonna keep you right here, under her wing
she won't let you fly, but she might let you sing
mamma's gonna keep baby cosy and warm

ooh babe, ooh babe, ooh babe
of course, mamma's gonna help build the wall

mother, do you think she's good enough... for me?
mother, do you think she's dangerous... to me?
mother, will she tear your little boy apart?
ooh-ah, mother, will she break my heart?

hush now, baby, baby, don't you cry
mamma's gonna check out all your girlfriends for you
mamma won't let anyone dirty get through
mamma's gonna wait up until you get in
mamma will always find out where you've been
mamma's gonna keep baby healthy and clean

ooh babe, ooh babe, ooh babe
you'll always be "baby" to me

mother, did it need to be so high? 

all that you touch and all that you see
all that you taste, all you feel
and all that you love and all that you hate
all you distrust, all you save
and all that you give and all that you deal
and all that you buy, beg, borrow, or steal
and all you create and all you destroy
and all that you do and all that you say
and all that you eat and everyone you meet (everyone you meet)
and all that you slight and everyone you fight
and all that is now and all that is gone
and all that's to come and everything under the sun is in tune
but the sun is eclipsed by the moon

there is no dark side in the moon really
matter of fact it's all dark
*heartbeat* 

*pig snorts*

big man, pig man
haha, charade you are
wooh!
you well-heeled big wheel
haha, charade you are
and when your hand is on your heart
you're nearly a good laugh, almost a joker
with your head down in the pig bin
sayin', "keep on digging"
pig stain on your fat chin
what do you hope to find
down in the pig mine?

you're nearly a laugh
you're nearly a laugh, but you're really a cry

bus stop rat bag
haha, charade you are
you fucked up old hag
haha, charade you are
you radiate cold shafts of broken glass
you're nearly a good laugh
almost worth a quick grin
you like the feel of steel
you're hot stuff with a hatpin
and good fun with a handgun
you're nearly a laugh
you're nearly a laugh, but you're really a cry


hey you, whitehouse
haha, charade you are
you house proud town mouse
haha, charade you are
you're tryin' to keep our feelings off the street
you're nearly a real treat
all tight lips and cold feet
and do you feel abused?
gotta stem the evil tide
and keep it all on the inside

mary, you're nearly a treat
mary, you're nearly a treat, but you're really a cry
 

i am not frightened of dying
any time will do, i don't mind
why should i be frightened of dying?
there's no reason for it, you've gotta go sometime

i never said i was afraid of dying
 

"three, two... fire!"

so ya thought ya might like to go to the show
to feel the warm thrill of confusion, that space cadet glow
i've got some bad news for you sunshine
pink isn't well, he stayed back at the hotel
and they sent us along as a surrogate band
we're gonna find out where you fans really stand
are there any queers in the theater tonight?
get them up against the wall
(against the wall)
now there's one in the spotlight, he don't look right to me
get him up against the wall
(against the—)
and that one looks jewish and that one's a coon!
who let all of this riff-raff into the room?
there's one smoking a joint and another with spots
if i had my way, i'd have all of them shot!
 

daddy's flown across the ocean
leaving just a memory
a snapshot in the family album
daddy, what else did you leave for me?
daddy, what'd ya leave behind for me?
all in all, it was just a brick in the wall
all in all, it was all just bricks in the wall

hey!
*children playing* 

beyond the horizon of the place we lived when we were young
in a world of magnets and miracles
our thoughts strayed constantly and without boundary
the ringing of the division bell had begun
along the long road and on down the causeway
do they still meet there by the cut
there was a ragged band that followed in our footsteps
running before time took our dreams away
leaving the myriad small creatures trying to tie us to the ground
to a life consumed by slow decay

the grass was greener
the light was brighter
with friends surrounded
the nights of wonder

looking beyond the embers of bridges glowing behind us
to a glimpse of how green it was on the other side
steps taken forwards but sleepwalking back again
dragged by the force of some inner tide
at a higher altitude with flag unfurled
we reached the dizzy heights of that dreamed of world

encumbered forever by desire and ambition
there's a hunger still unsatisfied
our weary eyes still stray to the horizon
though down this road we've been so many times

the grass was greener
the light was brighter
the taste was sweeter
the nights of wonder
with friends surrounded
the dawn mist glowing
the water flowing
the endless river
for ever and ever


"is that charlie? hello charlie!
great..." 

welcome, my son
welcome to the machine
where have you been?
it's alright, we know where you've been
you've been in the pipeline, filling in time
provided with toys and 'scouting for boys'
you bought a guitar to punish your ma
you didn't like school
and you know you're nobody's fool
so welcome to the machine

welcome, my son
welcome to the machine
what did you dream?
it's alright, we told you what to dream
you dreamed of a big star
he played a mean guitar
he always ate in the steak bar
he loved to drive in his jaguar
so welcome to the machine

 