(noc, noc, noc, noc)

i admit i done made some mistakes (mistakes)
and i have some imperfect ways (i have some imperfect ways)
i admit i helped so many people (i helped so many)
and the same damn people turned fake (same damn people turned)
i admit it was so hard to focus (focus)
i didn't go to classes
i admit that i dropped out of school (yeah, yeah, yeah)
i admit that i wasn't that cool (i wasn't)
i admit i just feel like retiring (i, yeah)
admit i just don't feel like trying (i, yeah)
but all my real niggas 'round me keep tellin' me (yeah)
"kells, fuck that, you gotta keep climbin'" (climbin')
i admit it, i admit it i did (yeah)
i done fucked with a couple of fans (fans)
i admit i'm a gift and a curse (gift and a curse)
i admit that i don't go to church (no, no)

i admit it, admit it (i)
i admit it, i did it (i)
i admit it, i did (i)
i admit it, i did did it
i admit i got so many flaws (yeah)
told so many lies to these broads (too many lies)
blew so much money, pop so many bottles
yeah i fucked a bitch just because (bitch, just because)
nigga, i had a hell of a day (hell of a day)
but i admit i was in my own way (in my own way)
i admit i had my mama cryin' over me
what else can a nigga say (uh)
i admit i can't spell for shit (ohh)
i admit that all i hear is hits (ohh)
i admit i couldn't read the teleprompter (ohh)
when the grammy's asked me to present (yeah)
i admit i love god but wait
it's so much temptation but, wait
admit to the drinking and smoking too much
but it helped me get through the day (oh, day)
won't say no names, i'm not a snitch
but one night at the ritz (at the ritz)
i did some shit i shouldn't have did (shouldn't have done)
went and fucked my nigga's bitch
i admit, i admit that i did (i did it)
i fucked my girlfriend's best friend (oh)
yeah i tapped that in back of my benz (my benz)
i admit i'm sorry for my sins (my sins)
i admit it, admit it (i admit it)
i admit it, i did it (i did it, yeah)
i admit it, i did (i)
i admit it, i did did it

yeah, i admit i trust people too much
(i trust too much, too much, too much)
i admit i can't say such and such
but my lawyers told me to settle this (settle this)
even though it's bullshit (it's bullshit)
"kelly, protect your career"
all these people in my ear
i admit i been tempted by drugs (i)
i admit that i just need a hug (i)
i admit the devil talk to me sometimes (yeah)
but the devil's not who i trust (not who i trust)
i been fucked by so many damn managers (managers)
while they push me out front of these cameras (cameras)
all this music i have done gave to them
and now they play me like a fuckin' amateur
i got a life, yeah, i got a right, yeah
cancel my shows (shows), that shit ain't right (no)
how they gon' say i don't respect these women
when all i've done is represent? (30 years)
take my career and turn it upside down
'cause you mad i've got some girlfriends (girlfriends)
hell with this record deal (yeah, yeah)
it ain't worth this shit for real (that's real)
ain't seen my kids in years (in years)
they tryna lock me up like bill (like bill)
how much can a nigga take? (take)
how much can a nigga pray? (pray)
just wanna do my music, stop stressin' me (hell yeah)
please just let me age gracefully (yeah, yeah)
i admit it, admit it (i admit it, oh, oh)
i admit it, i did it (i admit it)
i admit it, i did (i admit it, i did it)
i admit it, i did, did it

yeah, they took my gift and they blind me (blind me)
where the fuck is my money? (where?)
now here comes this big ass conspiracy (uh)
but still got my fans, that's a blessing (yeah)
listen to heaven, just stay on my grind, and that's 24/7 (yeah)
and i know my mama joanne is smiling down on me
i put that on every (ohh)
been a grown man since age 11 (11)
mind on the guap since seven (seven)
rest in peace to my homie kevin

i admit it, admit it (i admit it)
i admit it, i did it  (i did it, yeah)
i admit it, i did (i)
i admit it, i did, did it

i admit i admit, i'm a freak (freak)
used to go to strip clubs every week
but who these niggas tryna say i am?
man i'm loud and i put that on chief
i admit i fuck with all the ladies (ladies)
that's both older and young ladies (yeah)
but tell me how they call it "pedophile" because of that
shit, that's crazy (crazy)
you may have your opinions (opinions)
entitled to your opinions (opinions)
but really, am i supposed to go to jail
or lose my career because of your opinion?
yeah, go ahead and stone me (stone me)
point your finger at me (yeah, yeah)
turn the world against me (against me)
but only god can mute me (mute me)
i admit that i fired some people (people)
i admit that i hired new people (yeah)
i admit that those people i fired (yeah, yeah)
on my mama, was crooked ass people (people)
i admit that i don't own my music (i)
i admit that i wrote all my music (yeah)
want it back but they don't wanna do it (don't wanna)
what the fuck, nigga? i wrote that music (i)
i did that "bump and grind," i did that "12 play"
i did that "fed up," i changed the damn game
so i deserve me a fair play (fair)
so put some respect on my damn name
now wendy williams mad with me? (williams)
but i ain't never offered her no drink (no drink)
but i admit that she asked me, "can i get a little hennessy?" (yeah)
we both turned off our phones (our phones)
we drink, i smoked, we talked (we talked)
and i admit that i told it all (it all)
from my good points to my faults (faults)
she said, "what about aaliyah?"
i said, "love"
she said, "what about the tape?"
i said, "hush"
i said my lawyer said, "don't say nothing'"
but i can tell you i've been set up (up)
i admit it, however, since the first day (first day)
that without knowin', i signed my publishin' away (away)
i admit it, i was young and caught up and so blind, yeah (so blind)
said i had dyslexia, couldn't read all the contracts, yeah
and now the truth in this message (message)
is i'm a broke ass legend (legend)
the only reason i stay on tour (on tour)
is 'cause i gotta pay my rent (my)
i never thought that it would come to this (no)
to be the most disrespected artist (come)
so i had to write a song about this (song)
'cause they always take my words and twist it
believe me, it's hard to admit all this (oh, oh)
but i'm in my feelings about this shit (yeah, yeah)
but i had to set the fuckin' record straight, so (yeah, yeah)

i admit it, admit it (i admit it)
i admit it, i did it  (i did it, yeah)
i admit it, i did (i)
i admit it, i did, did it

i admit it, i love steve harvey
john legend, and tom joyner
they're doing good in their lives right now
why would they wanna tear down another brother? (tear down)
women show black men some love (yeah)
'cause black men, we go through enough (oh)
how can we get up off the ground (how)
when we steady tearin' each other down? (oh)
i admit that the devil is busy (busy, yeah)
had some people beside me ain't with me (with me, yeah)
i admit that i'm gon' do this music
up until the lord come and get me (real talk)
now, i admit a family member touched me
(touched me, touched me, touched me)
from a child to the age 14 (yeah)
while i laid asleep (sleep), took my virginity (yeah)
so scared to say something, so i just put the blame on me
now here i am, and i'm tryin' my best to be honest (honest)
'cause the sources out there tryna keep me from bein' an artist
i admit i'm at rock bottom (oh-oh)
and this shit has rocked my mind (my mind)
i'm callin' on my hood (my hood)
come walk by my side (oh)
they don't want me to shine (shine)
women's group, my god (god)
now don't get it twisted, i do support 'em
but why they wanna bring down the r? (why?)
damn, this is breaking my heart (my heart)
'cause from fathers, mothers (yeah), sons, and daughters (yeah)
i'm a part of the music culture (oh, oh)
spotify took me off they playlist (playlist)
i admit that i been underrated ('rated)
i'm not convicted (nope), not arrested (no)
but dragged my name (yeah) in the dirt (yeah)
all this work to be successful (yeah, oh)
when you abandon me 'cause of what you heard (yeah, heard)
i admit i am not perfect (perfect)
i never said i was perfect (perfect)
say i'm abusing these women (what?)
what the fuck? that's some absurd shit (what?)
they're brainwashed, really? (really)
kidnapped, really? (really)
can't eat, really? (really)
real talk, that shit sound silly (yeah)
and if you really, really wanna know (know)
her father dropped her off at my show (show)
and told this boy to put her on the stage (yeah)
i admit that she was over-age (age)
i admit that i was feelin' her
and i admit that she was feelin' me (she was feelin' me)
i admit that that's just some shit that comes with being a celebrity (celebrity)
i ain't chasing these ladies, no (no, no)
these ladies are chasing me, yeah (chasing me)
now i'm only saying all this shit (yeah)
'cause how they tryna play me, yeah (oh)
i admit that this is no disrespect to the parents (no disrespect)
but this is my advice to you 'cause i'm also a parent (parent)
don't push your daughter in my face (my face)
and tell me that it's okay (okay)
'cause your agenda is to get paid (yeah)
and get mad when it don't go your way (go way)
i know y'all look at me like i don't go through things, but i'm human (human)
i know it's hard sometimes, but try to keep in mind that i'm human (human)
fuck all the fortune and fame, forget the name, i'm a human (human)
i can't believe all the under-the-table shit they doin' (they doin')
i'm tired of fingers pointed at me (at me)
i'm tired of all this weight on me (on me)
i'm tired of everybody wanting a piece of me (yeah)
shit, i'm not an atm machine (no, hey)
what do i do when i can't do what i do? (what)
how can i win, if i can't win with truth? (oh)
got a couple of dead homies that i promised i would make it out this shit (sorry)
and i know that god's hand is on me nigga
i'm gonna make it out this shit (we are)
no weapon formed against me (amen)
shall prosper (amen)
not claiming either (amen)
that the storm is over (amen)
i admit i talked to ms. mcglenn (yeah)
fyi, that's my second mother (mama)
i admit that i asked her, "how am i gonna get the world off my shoulder?" (oh)
she said, "son, don't you lose it (lose it)
sometimes, you gotta go through it (through it)
they can say what they say, but at the end of the day
they cannot deny your music (oh, woah)
'cause your music (yeah) has touched people (yeah)
it inspired (yeah) all people (yeah)
overseas (yeah), everywhere (yeah)
don't worry, don't care (care)
'cause the anointed (yeah) is on you (on you)
and that's why these haters are at you (at you)
so just keep on doing you, baby (yeah)
you don't have to give these fools an explanation" (yeah, oh)

i admit it, admit it (i admit it)
i admit it, i did it  (i did it, yeah)
i admit it, i did (i)
i admit it, i did, did it

what's the definition of a cult?
what's the definition of a sex slave?
go to the dictionary, look it up
let me know, i'll be here waiting
now i admit i got some girls that love me to pull they hair (they hair)
now i admit that they love me to talk dirty when i pull they hair (they hair, yeah)
some like me to spank 'em and
some like to give brain and
what some of these girls want is too much for the radio station
look, i'm just a man, y'all (man, y'all)
not a monster or beast (no, no)
but i admit there are times when these girls so fine out here, that a nigga fall weak (oh, fall weak)
now i admit i love hugh hefner (hugh hefner)
and through the years supported hugh hefner (yeah)
but when he left this world, he had a million girls (yeah)
but we gon' always love hugh hefner (oh)
to jim derogatis, whatever your name is (whatever your name is)
you have been tryna destroy me for 25 whole years (25 whole years, yeah)
writin' the same stories over and over and over again (stories, stories, yeah)
off my name, you done went and made yourself a career (a whole career)
but guess what? i pray for you and your family (prayed for you)
and all my other enemies (enemies)
i'm not gonna let y'all steal my joy (my joy)
i'm just gon' keep on doin' me (doin' me)
now i don't know what else to say except "i'm so falsely accused"
tell me, how can you judge when you've never walked in my shoes?
so easy to mess up someone else's life
through social media, the devil in disguise
i admit i miss my brothers (brothers)
but i admit they weren't acting like brothers (brothers)
yeah, we've had our differences
but you don't turn on your brother (no)
for nothing (no), for no one (no), nada (no)
mama (no) joanne (no) is watching
she must be turning over in her grave (yeah)
i admit i had to borrow a couple of m's from the label (label)
all these hits out but i couldn't put food on the table (table)
i was told i had to sell my cars (cars)
i was told i couldn't get a loan (loans)
said i owed 20 million to the irs and they was comin' to get my home (oh, oh)
i admit i was feeling stupid, stayin' in the homewood suites (no disrespect)
sippin' hennessy, tryna figure out what happened to me (happened to me)
there was so much going through my head (my head)
'cause i knew that something wasn't right (wasn't right)
i just couldn't put my finger on it (no)
but my spirit had better eyes (better)
it told me what it saw (saw)
and it scared the shit out of me (me, yeah)
it said get rid of them all (all)
it's nothing but vultures 'round me (me)
i admit that i love my fans (my fans)
for all the push and support they've shown (yeah, you)
i admit if it wasn't for them (for them)
i would've never stayed strong (oh)
now i'm not trippin' on all of these rumors, that don't bother me
and i'm not payin' attention to these haters, that don't bother me (oh, oh)
but what blows me is when certain people turn phony (phony)
they say, "rob, i got your back; rob, you the man"
but they really doubtin' me
bitch, you know who you are (yeah, yeah)
bitch, i bought you a car (yeah, yeah)
bitch, you stayed in my crib (yeah, yeah)
i loved you with all my heart (my heart)
now i don't like to brag when it comes to me (comes to me)
but i've given back to the community (community)
from the nonprofits to the charities (charities)
but of course, you never hear that about me (about me)
to them niggas that drink my liquor and smoke my stogies
how come you ain't on facebook takin' up for me?
while you 'round me most of the day (oh)
when you know that i'm a good brother
always got your hands out, it ain't no doubt (yeah)
that y'all niggas ain't nothing but bloodsuckers
plus, y'all ain't bringing nothing to the table (no, no)
yeah, nigga, and you know it's real talk (real talk)
taking pictures with me for your instagram
but when i need you, you quick to get lost (can't find you)
mm, oh, mm, oh, oh, oh, no, no, ooh, woah, i
robert, jay, and joanne, my kids
what you hearin' out here about dad, guys, i'm sorry for this (sorry)
i'm so sorry, i can't imagine what y'all must be goin' through (goin' through)
every day its somethin' about me, my god, it must be killin' you (killin' you)
i promise there'll be better days (there'll be better days)
just keep walkin' straight (just keep walkin' straight)
i know you must be worried but just know that i'm okay (oh, i'm okay)
for me, things have gotten rough (rough)
right now i can't say too much (say too much)
but for y'all i will stay tough (oh, oh)
daddy just need y'all to trust (trust)
and believe in me (in me)
i admit that i've told the truth (told the truth)
and still not free (not free)
still wanna hate me (yeah), still wanna stone me (stone me, yeah)
still wanna chain me (chain me, yeah), i think they wanna kill me

i admit it, admit it (i admit it)
i admit it, i did it  (i did it, yeah)
i admit it, i did (i)
i admit it, i did, did it

now, no disrespect to chi-town, my home (my home)
but we've got to learn how to support our own (our own)
i admit that my heart cries for my city (my city)
'cause we're losing young lives in the city (my city)
instead of judging me (judging me)
y'all should be using me (using me)
to help these kids, raise them out of depression and poverty (oh, oh)
now, i'm not saying i'm no savior (no savior)
but i can be an inspiration (inspiration)
this is an invitation
man, i admit i go through so much day to day (day to day)
got 23 lawyers, three or four managers
what am i doing? show me the way (oh)
the only thing i have left is my voice (my voice)
and now i have to use it for my protection (yeah)
because they left me no choice (no choice)
see my work has nothing to do with my private life
so stay the fuck out of my business and tend to your own damn life (life)
so go 'head, say what you want to say (want to say)
about who i want to date (i want to date)
but you won't say that shit to my face (to my face)
'cause you know it ain't shit to say (oh, oh-oh)
next nigga bring me some dumb shit (dumb shit)
it's gon' be a misunderstanding (yeah)
'cause niggas, they listen to dumb shit (dumb shit)
are niggas that be on that dumb shit (dumb shit)
they need a light 'cause they ain't got no life
so they always conjuring up dumb shit (dumb shit)
blockin' my path (path), they don't know the half (half)
and so they make an assumption (assumption)
since when do assumptions (since when?)
cost a man his whole career? (whole career)
found guilty when you're innocent, is the only times that i fear (i fear)
there is one thing that's for sure (for sure)
and i want to make this shit clear (clear)
i done lived my voice (yeah) and represented my country (yeah) for 31 fuckin' years (yeah)
damn it, i admit

i admit, i admit, i admit (yeah)
i admit, i admit, i admit (yeah) 

usher... kel's...

yo, ush (what up, kells?)
wanna introduce you to this girl
think i really love this girl (yeah?)
man, she's so fine (straight up, dawg)
she stands about 5'4", coca cola, red bone (damn)
she drives a black durango (hmm?)
license plate say angel (what?)
tattoo on her ankle, plus, she's making pesos
got a crib on peachtree (peachtree?), right on 17th street (huh?)
and i call her tete (wait a minute, hold on, dawg)
do she got a kid? (yup)
she love some waffle house? (yup)
do she got a beauty mark on the left side of her mouth? (man...)
went to georgia tech? (yup) works for tbs? (yup)
man, i can't believe this shit, damn, mm
tell me what's wrong, dog, what the hell you "damn"-ing 'bout?
i'm your homie, so just say what's on your mind
man, i didn't know that you were talking 'bout her
so, man, you telling me you know her?
do i know her? like a pastor know his word

we messing with the same girl (same girl)
the same girl
how could the love of my life
and my potential wife be the
the same girl (same girl)
same girl
man i can't believe that
we've been messing with the
the same girl, the same girl
thought she was someone i could trust
but she's been doubling up with us
u (u), k (k)
man, we been messing with the same girl
see, i met her at this party in atlanta (ayy, oh! ayy)
well i met her at this party in chicago (oh, oh! oh)
she came right up to me, giving me conversation
i said "do you got a man?"
she said "no" with no hesitation
well, it must be a music thing 'cause she said the same to me
at a party all in my face, while i'm laughing and buying her drinks
she whispered in my ear, said "can you take me home?"
me too! man, she was in the chi singing that same song
is that true?
and i thought it was true confessions when she said "i love you"
man i thought her body was calling when she said, "i want you"
look, i even got some pictures on my phone
looky there, there she is with some boy shorts on, hah

we messing with the same girl, the same girl
she's the apple of my eye (yeah!)
and my potential wife
the same girl, same girl
man i just can't believe that we been messing 'round
with the same damn girl, oh, yeah
the same girl, same girl
thought she was someone i could trust
but she's been doubling up with both of us
u (ayy!), k (ayy!)
man, we been messing with the same girl
said she got me on a ring tone
are you talking 'bout the pink phone?
mm-mm, the blue one
man, she told me that was turned off
it's obvious that she's been playing us, playing us
ush, constantly she's been lying to us, lying to us
don't like the way that she been going 'bout it, going 'bout it
kells, what you think that we should do about it, do about it?
call her up at her home
she won't know i'm on the phone
yeah, man, that's the lick
homie, we about to bust this trick
man, just ask her to meet up with you
and i'm going to show up too
and she won't know what to do
we'll be standing there, singing, "same ..."

the same girl, same girl
she was the apple of my eye (blow!)
and your potential wife
the same girl, same girl
i just can't believe that
we been messing with the same girl, ooh-ooh
the same girl, the same girl
she gon' be looking so stupid when she see us together
u, k
man, we been messing with same girl
see, she was taking flights (yeah)
going back and forth (yeah)
the same girl, the same girl
i would pick her up (ayy) at the airport (ayy)
man, i really can't believe
the same girl, the same girl
i can't believe it no (hey)
the same girl, same girl 

my mind is telling me no
but my body, my body's telling me yes
baby, i don't want to hurt nobody
but there is something that i must confess to you (woo)

i don't see nothing wrong with a little bump and grind
with a little bump and grind
i don't see nothing wrong, baby, hey
i don't see nothing wrong with a little bump and grind
i don't see nothing wrong with a little bump and grind
i don't see nothing wrong, hey, woah, let me hear you

see i know just what you want
and i know just what you need, girl
so baby, bring your body to me (bring your body here)
i'm not fooling around with you, huh
baby, my love is true (with you)
with you is where i want to be

girl you need someone
someone like me, yeah
to satisfy your every need
i don't see nothing wrong with a little bump and grind
i don't see nothing wrong with a little bump and grind
i don't see nothing wrong, baby, baby, i don't see, woo
i don't see nothing wrong with a little bump and grind
i don't see nothing wrong with a little bump and grind
i don't see nothing wrong, baby, hey, huh

you say he's not treating you right
then, lady, spend the night
i'll love you like you need to be love
girl, won't you try some of me
no need to look no more
because i've opened up my doors
you'll never feel another love you see
you'll never wanna another love
you'll never find another me

you need someone, someone like me, yeah
to make love to you, baby, constantly

i don't see nothing wrong with a little bump and grind
hey, nothing wrong with a little bump and grind
i don't see nothing wrong, oh, woah
i don't see nothing wrong with a little bump and grind
i don't see nothing wrong with a little bump and grind
i don't see nothing wrong, baby, baby, alright 

i used to think that i could not go on
and life was nothing but an awful song
but now i know the meaning of true love
i'm leaning on the everlasting arms

if i can see it, then i can do it
if i just believe it, there's nothing to it

i believe i can fly
i believe i can touch the sky
i think about it every night and day
spread my wings and fly away
i believe i can soar
i see me running through that open door
i believe i can fly
i believe i can fly
i believe i can fly (woo)

see i was on the verge of breaking down
sometimes silence can seem so loud
there are miracles in life i must achieve
but first i know it starts inside of me, ho-oh
if i can see it (woo), then i can be it
if i just believe it, there's nothing to it

i believe i can fly
i believe i can touch the sky
i think about it every night and day
spread my wings and fly away
i believe i can soar
i see me running through that open door
i believe i can fly
i believe i can fly
oh i believe i can fly (woo)

hey, 'cause i believe in me
ohhh

if i can see it (woo), then i can do it (i can do it)
if i just believe it, there's nothing to it (hey!)

i believe i can fly (woo!)
i believe i can touch the sky
i think about it every night and day
spread my wings and fly away
i believe i can soar
i see me running through that open door
i believe i can fly (i can fly)
i believe i can fly (i can fly)
i believe i can fly (i can fly)
hey, if i just spread my wings (i can fly)
i can fly (i can fly)
i can fly (i can fly)
i can fly, hey (i can fly)
if i just spread my wings (i can fly)
i can fly (i can fly) (i can fly)
(woo!) (i can fly)
fly-eye-eye 

this is my story, yeah, i'm from that chi-town dirt
i went from being broke to sleeping in versace shirts
this is my story - money, cars, bad hoes
this is my story-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y
and i'm stickin' to it, and i'm stickin' to it
and i'm stickin' to it, and i'm stickin' to it
and i'm stickin' to it, and i'm stickin' to it
and i'm stickin' to it, and i'm stickin' to it

came from humble beginnings now i'm cocky with my spending
they say "life is just a game" and i thank god that i'm winning
models roll my indo, i beat the pussy, django
them niggas talking money, i got more digits in my gate code
she make a pole disappear like hocus pocus
you're ain't never gon' find another nigga this focused
i got every block, every street corners sold up
whatever club represent my city, throw it up
i own the game, coach last player shown up
okay, haters throw fitted never showed up

this is my story, yeah, i'm from that chi-town dirt
i went from being broke to sleeping in versace shirts
this is my story - money, cars, bad hoes
this is my story-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y
and i'm stickin' to it, and i'm stickin' to it
and i'm stickin' to it, and i'm stickin' to it
and i'm stickin' to it, and i'm stickin' to it
and i'm stickin' to it, and i'm stickin' to it
yeah, 2 chainz...
velcro, i'm sticking to it, hatin', i've been a victim to it
your conversation is sanitation, ain't no hesitation when i finna do it
i stick it in (uh) switch it up and try to hit a friend (uh)
live it up and count my dividends, roll, like cinnamon
woah, big face benjamin's
as she lookin' at me like ye'en ain't nothin' but a star
i looked at her like this ain't nonthing but a car
if you ride with them you ain't going that far
but if you ride with me, crib so big we can play hide-and-seek
you can confide to me, ride me like i ride the beat
pilot seat, i need a co-pilot, kiss a ass in both mouths
them talking both lips, what you know 'bout boat trips?
drop her ass at the chocolate factory (yeah)
we did them 12 play's (yeah)
and you know who you is girl
we been fuckin' since the 12th grade, goddamn

this is my story, yeah, i'm from that chi-town dirt
i went from being broke to sleeping in versace shirts
this is my story - money, cars, bad hoes
this is my story-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y
and i'm stickin' to it, and i'm stickin' to it
and i'm stickin' to it, and i'm stickin' to it
and i'm stickin' to it, and i'm stickin' to it
and i'm stickin' to it, and i'm stickin' to it
pull up to the club at about three
i'm killin' it, guilty no plea
i'm leaving out at 6 with a dime piece
by 9 o'clock, we on round three
i speak of rain they say i'm crazy like they didn't know
see i'm not crazy but my talent, man, got bipolar
say she's a church girl but man she's blowing holy smokes
showed her the jesus piece now she got the holy ghost
they asked them in a interview, "why do he love these girls?"
the only thing he had to say was, "motherfuck the world!"

this is my story, yeah, i'm from that chi-town dirt
i went from being broke to sleeping in versace shirts
this is my story - money, cars, bad hoes
this is my story-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y
and i'm stickin' to it, and i'm stickin' to it
and i'm stickin' to it, and i'm stickin' to it
and i'm stickin' to it, and i'm stickin' to it
and i'm stickin' to it, and i'm stickin' to it 

let's wake up, it's dinner time, turn up
pull up to the crib and a nigga on silk, come fuck with a nigga
bout to bang on a pussy like i'm throwing up crip, fuck with a nigga
you gon' wanna claim this dick, fuck with a nigga
fuck with a nigga, come fuck with a nigga
ooh, she rollercoaster'd on it (ohh)
she threw it up an alley (oop)
then i beat the pussy til it's (blue)
girl, you know you got that good, yeah

mmm, like an oreo
i love to lick the middle like an oreo (turn up)
oreo, oreo, like an oreo
i wanna bite it, and get inside it (til i get you gone)
mmm, like an oreo
i love to lick the middle like an oreo (turn up)
oreo, oreo, like an oreo
i wanna bite it, and get inside it (til i get you gone)

you wanna know how i get down? you wanna know how i get down?
you wonder how i'm the best and can do all this with my mouth
you wanna know how i get down? you wanna know how i get down?
you wonder how i'm the best and can do all this with my mouth
cookie, cookie, cookie, i'm a cookie monster
break your back, crack it open like a lobster
ayyy, i kill the pussy, dig a (grave)
she grab the wood like grippin' (grain)
i told her put it in my face
let it rain, let it rain (rain)

mmm, like an oreo
i love to lick the middle like an oreo (turn up)
oreo, oreo, like an oreo
i wanna bite it, and get inside it (til i get you gone)
mmm, like an oreo
i love to lick the middle like an oreo (turn up)
oreo, oreo, like an oreo
i wanna bite it, and get inside it (til i get you gone)

you wanna know how i get down? you wanna know how i get down?
you wonder how i'm the best and can do all this with my mouth
you wanna know how i get down? you wanna know how i get down?
you wonder how i'm the best and can do all this with my mouth

girl, i've got a sweet tooth, ain't nothin' sweeter than you
i'mma eat it up, beat it up, til you holler out truce
my bed can be your stage, and i'mma make you a star
your legs in the air and my hands all up in your cookie jar
yeah, i'm hittin' every spot on your map, that's me going on tour
my tom ford, your just cavalli, that's clothes all on the floor
you throwin' ass, i'm catchin' it, the neighbors keepin' score
louie armstrong, i pick you up, eat that against the door
mmm, like an oreo
i love to lick the middle like an oreo (turn up)
oreo, oreo, like an oreo
i wanna bite it, and get inside it (til i get you gone)

you wanna know how i get down? you wanna know how i get down?
you wonder how i'm the best and can do all this with my mouth
you wanna know how i get down? you wanna know how i get down?
you wonder how i'm the best and can do all this with my mouth

cookie monster 

seven o'clock in the morning
and the rays from the sun wakes me
i'm stretching and yawning
in a bed that don't belong to me
and a voice yells, "good morning, darling" from the bathroom
then she comes out and kisses me
and to my surprise she ain't you
now i've got this dumb look on my face like what have i done?
how could i be so stupid to be have laid here 'til the morning sun?
must have lost the track of time
oh, what was on my mind?
from the club, went to her home
didn't plan to stay that long
here i am, quickly tryin' to put on my clothes
searching for my car keys
tryin' to get on up out the door
then she stretched her hands in front of it
said, "you can't go this way"
looked at her, like she was crazy
said, "woman, move out my way"
said, "i got a wife at home"
she said, "please don't go out there"
"lady, i've got to get home"
she said, her husband was comin' up the stairs
"shh, shh, quiet, hurry up and get in the closet"
she said, "don't you make a sound, or some shit is going down"
i said, "why don't i just go out the window?"
"yes, except for one thing, we on the fifth floor"
"shit, think, shit, think, shit, quick, put me in the closet"
and now i'm in this darkest closet, tryin' to figure out
just how i'm gonna get my crazy ass up out this house
and he walks in and yells, "i'm home"
she says "honey i'm in the room"
he walks in there with a smile on his face
sayin', "honey, i've been missin' you"
she hops all over him and says "i've cooked and ran your bathwater"
i'm telling you now, this girl's so good that she deserves an oscar
throws her in the bed and starts to snatching her clothes off
i'm in the closet, like man, what the fuck is going on?
you're not gonna believe it, but things get deeper as the story goes on
next thing you know, a call comes through on my cell phone
i tried my best to quickly put it on vibrate
but from the way he act, i could tell it was too late
he hopped up and said, "there’s a mystery going on
and i'm going to solve it"
and i'm like, "god please, don't let this man open this closet"
he walks in the bathroom
and looks behind the door
she says, "baby, come back to bed"
he says, "bitch, say no more"
he pulls back the shower curtain
while she's biting her nails
then he walks back to the room
right now, i'm sweating like hell
checks under the bed (bed)
then under the dresser (dresser)
he looks at the closet (closet)
i pull out my beretta (beretta)
he walks up to the closet (closet)
get closer to the closet (closet)
now he's at the closet (closet)
now he’s opening the closet (closet, closet, closet...) 

you remind me of something
i just can't think of what it is

girl, please-
let me stick my key in your ignition, babe
so i can get this thing started and get rollin', babe
see i'll be doin' about 80 on your freeway
girl, i won't stop until i drive you crazy
so buckle up cause this can get bumpy, babe
now hit the lights and check out all my functions, babe
girl, back that thing up so i can wax it, baby
honey, we gon' mess around and get a ticket, babe

cause
we off up in this jeep
we foggin' up the windows
we got the radio up
we all up in the back
we got this shit bouncin'
we goin' up and down
we smokin' and we drinkin'
just a'thuggin it out
jump up, down once i hit them switches, babe
and i'm about to take it where you want to go, babe
guarantee you i'm about to get some mileage, babe
and it won't be no runnin' out of gas, babe
it's like woo-ooh-ooh, pull over, babe
and let me put this lovin' off in your trunk, babe
so buckle up this could get bumpy, babe
girl, we gon' mess around and get a ticket, babe

cause
we off up in this jeep
we foggin' up the windows
we got the radio up
we all up in the back
we got this shit bouncin'
we goin' up and down
we smokin' and we drinkin'
just a'thuggin it out

now hold on tight cause i'm about to go faster, babe
girl, you dealing with a pro behind this wheel, babe
so tell me have you ever driven a stick, babe?
you'll be screamin' every time we shift them gears, babe
so brace yourself while i'm hittin' them corners, babe
when it's over put that kells on your license plates
now buckle up cause this can get bumpy, babe
girl, we gon' mess around and get a ticket, babe
cause
we off up in this jeep
we foggin' up the windows
we got the radio up
we all up in the back
we got this shit bouncin'
we goin' up and down
we smokin' and we drinkin'
just a'thuggin it out

when i hear you say:
green light... i'mma go
yellow light... do it slow
red light... i'mma stop
when i hear you say:
switch lanes... hit the signal
pit stop... take a break
hit the hazards when we park
because we about to go real far

cause
we off up in this jeep
we foggin' up the windows
we got the radio up
we all up in the back
we got this shit bouncin'
we goin' up and down
we smokin' and we drinkin'
just a'thuggin it out
now let me see you
bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce
bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce 

it's the world's greatest, y'all
it's the world's greatest
the world's greatest

i am a mountain
i am a tall tree, oh
i am a swift wind
sweepin' the country
i am a river
down in the valley, oh
i am a vision
and i can see clearly

if anybody ask you who i am
just stand up tall
look 'em in the face and say

i'm that star up in the sky
i'm that mountain peak up high
hey, i made it
i'm the world's greatest
and i'm that little bit of hope
when my back's against the ropes
i can feel it
i'm the world's greatest
i am a giant
i am an eagle, oh
i am a lion
down in the jungle
i am a marchin' band
i am the people, oh
i am a helpin' hand
i am a hero

if anybody ask you who i am
just stand up tall
look 'em in the face and say
i'm that star up in the sky
i'm that mountain peak up high
hey, i made it
i'm the world's greatest
and i'm that little bit of hope
when my back's against the ropes
i can feel it
i'm the world's greatest

in the ring of life, i'll reign love
and the world will notice a king
where there is darkness i'll shine a light
and the mirrors of success reflect in me
i'm that star up in the sky
i'm that mountain peak up high
hey, i made it
i'm the world's greatest
and i'm that little bit of hope
when my back's against the ropes
i can feel it
i'm the world's greatest

i'm that star up in the sky
i'm that mountain peak up high
hey, i made it
i'm the world's greatest
and i'm that little bit of hope
when my back's against the ropes
i can feel it
i'm the world's greatest

i'm that star up in the sky
i'm that mountain peak up high
hey, i made it
i'm the world's greatest
and i'm that little bit of hope
when my back's against the ropes
i can feel it
i'm the world's greatest
i saw the light
at the end of a tunnel
believe in the pot of gold
at the end of the rainbow
and faith was right there
to pull me through, yeah
used to be locked doors
now i can just walk on through

it's the greatest
can you feel it?
say the greatest
can you feel it?

i saw the light
at the end of a tunnel
believe in the pot of gold
at the end of the rainbow
and faith was right there
to pull me through, yeah
used to be locked doors
now i can just walk on through
hey
uh hey
it's the greatest
i'm that star up in the sky

i'm that star up in the sky
i'm that mountain peak up high
hey, i made it
i'm the world's greatest
and i'm that little bit of hope
when my back's against the ropes
i can feel it
i'm the world's greatest 

i wish, i wish, i wish
(to every city)
i wish, i wish, i wish
(every hood)
i wish, i wish, i wish
(and every block)
i wish, i wish, i wish
(ghetto america!)

rolling through the hood, just stopped by to say what's up
and let you know that your baby boy ain't doing so tough
and even though you passed, going on four long years
i'm still waking up late at night crying tears
just thinking about those days you used to talk to me
smiling while i'm sipping on this hennessy
and remember we bragged on how rich we would be
to get up out this hood was like a fantasy

and now you hear my songs the radio is playing
oh, i can't believe my ears and what everybody's saying
and boy, i'll tell you, folks don't know the half
i would give it all up just to take one ride
(with you)
how i used to kick it on the front porch
(with you)
and how i used to lay back and smoke weed
(with you)
and all the little basement party joints we'd do
now i'm just missing you
how i wish
i wish that i could hold you now
i wish that i could touch you now
i wish that i could talk to you
be with you somehow
i know you're in a better place
even though i can't see your face
i know you're smiling down on me
saying everything's okay
and if i make it out this thug life
i'll see you again someday
i wish, i wish, i wish
i wish, i wish, i wish

now ever since this money come, ut's been nothing but stress
sometimes i wish i could just trade in my success
y'all look at me and say, "boy, you've been blessed"
but y'all don't see the inside of my unhappiness
man i swear this shit gets heavy like a ton
that's why you hear me shooting this real shit off like a gun
hmm i wonder how my friends would treat me now
if i wasn't iced up with a bentley and a house
that's why fake ass niggas get fake ass digits
and fake ass players get a real player hating 'em
honey love goes platinum and y'all ass come around
but y'all don't wanna raise the roof
until my shit is going down
and now you hear my songs the radio is playing
oh, i can't believe my ears and what everybody's saying
and, boy, i'll tell you, folks don't know the half
i would give it all up just to take one ride
(with you)
how i used to hoop off in them tournaments
(with you)
and how i used to club hop on weekends
(with you)
your family called the morning of a tragic end
damn, my condolences

i wish that i could hold you now
i wish that i could touch you now
i wish that i could talk to you
be with you somehow
i know you're in a better place
even though i can't see your face
i know you're smiling down on me
saying everything's okay
and if i make it out this thug life
i'll see you again someday
i wish, i wish, i wish
i wish, i wish, i wish
voices in my head be telling me to come to church
saying the lord is the only way for you to stop the hurt
dreaming of windows black tinted like a hearse
when waking up to life sometimes seems worse
and all i ever wanted is to be a better man
and i try to keep it real with my homies land
for me to save the world i don't understand
how did i become the leader of a billion fans?

and now you hear my songs the radio is playing
oh, i can't believe my ears and what everybody's saying
and, boy, i'll tell you, folks don't know the half
i would give it all up just to take one ride
(with you)
how i used to street perform on friday
(with you)
and how i used to go to church on easter sunday
(with you)
instead of you all throwing them stones at me
somebody pray for me

i wish that i could hold you now
i wish that i could touch you now
i wish that i could talk to you
be with you somehow
i know you're in a better place
even though i can't see your face
i know you're smiling down on me
saying everything's okay
i wish that i could hold you now
i wish that i could touch you now
i wish that i could talk to you
be with you somehow
i know you're in a better place
even though i can't see your face
i know you're smiling down on me
saying everything's okay
i wish that i could hold you now
i wish that i could touch you now
i wish that i could talk to you
be with you somehow
i know you're in a better place
even though i can't see your face
i know you're smiling down on me
saying everything's okay
i wish that i could hold you now
i wish that i could touch you now
i wish that i could talk to you
be with you somehow
i know you're in a better place
even though i can't see your face 

well...
now he’s staring at me like as if he was staring in the mirror
she yells, "honey, let me explain"
he says, "you don't have to go no further
i can clearly see what's goin' on
behind my back, in my bed, in my home"
then i said, "wait a minute, now hold on"
i said, "mister, we can work this out"
she said, "honey, don't lose control"
i tried to get him to calm down
he said, "oh, i should have known
that you would go and do some bogus shit up in my house
but the christian in me gave you the benefit of the doubt"
i said, "we need to resolve this"
then he stepped to me, i'm like, "whoa
there's a reason i'm in this closet"
he says, "yeah, what are you talking clothes?"
"i met this girl at the paje's club
and she told me she didn't have a man"
then he said, "man, please
i'd kill you if you didn’t have that gun in your hand"
and then i said, "but your chick chose me"
he said, "don't give me that mack shit, please"
his phone goes off and then things get a little more interesting
he steps a little closer
i point my gun and says, "i'm not the one you after"
he says, "something i bet you didn't know my man
did she tell you that i was a pastor?"
i said, "well good that's better, right
why can't we handle this christian-like?"
and i started to put the gun down
'til i saw his face still had that frown
she started crying, saying "baby, i'm sorry"
then he said, "baby not as sorry as you're gonna be"
i started inching out
he says, "no, i want you to see this"
said, "i gotta get out this house"
he said, "not 'til i reveal my secret"
i'm like "what is going on inside his head?"
then he takes his phone and calls somebody up and says
"hello" (hello?) baby (aha)
“turn the car around” (what’s going on over there?)
listen i just need for you to get right back here now" (click)
he looks at me and says, "well, since we're all coming out the closet
i'm not about to be the only one that's brokenhearted"
and she said, "what do you mean?"
and he said, "just wait and see"
i said, "somebody better talk to me"
and then his phone rings
he picks up and somebody says "sweetheart, i'm downstairs"
and he's like "i'll buzz you up
i'm on the fifth floor, hurry take the stairs"
and i'm like, "who is this mystery lady that you're talking to?"
he says, "in time you both will know the shocking truth
baby, this is something i've been wanting to get off my chest for a long, long time"
then i said, "nigga, i'ma shoot you both
if you don't say what's on your mind"
he said "wait, i hear somebody comin' up the stairs"
and i'm lookin' at the door
he says, "i think you better sit down in the chair"
i says, "i'm gonna count to four"
"one..." he says, "mister, wait!"
"two...", she says, "please don't shoot"
"three...", he says, "don't shoot me"
"four...", she screams
then a knock on the door, the gun's in my hand
he opens the door, i can't believe it's a man
(man… man… man…) 

and now, i'm like
"well, well, well, what the fuck is this?
a condom in my bed
you better start talking, fucking bitch
'fore i take a match and burn this motherfucker down"
i said, "you better start talking
and start talking right god damn now"
then she said, "baby, i'm so speechless"
then i said, "my baby, you gon' be breathless
if ya don't start talking quick
woman, i'm gon' have a fit
you don't know what ya fucking with
girl ya better cut the bullshit
now it's obvious somebody has been all up in my home
in my bed, and plus i smell cigarettes."
now i'm sniffing and looking around
suspicious like someone's here
and then i looked in her eyes
and in her eyes there was so much fear
pull out my gun said, "is he still here?"
she shook her head and said nah
i'm checking behind every door
she cried out, "he left right after you called."
i said, "what the fuck was you thinking?
thought that i wouldn’t find this out?
then i said you must be crazy or
on crack to have somebody off up in my motherfucking house"
she hopped up and said, "that's enough."
she said, "i can't take no more."
and then she said, "you made your point
but now it's time to even the score."
she said, "i know all about last night
and where you went when you left the club."
said, "that's right, nigga i was there
with this guy in the back of the club."
i said, "i thought you was with yo' girls?"
she said, "i thought you was with yo' guys?"
she said, "you was at that bitch's house
and don't even try to act surprised."
i say "babe...", she said, "shut up
don't you say a word
it ain't nothing you can say
that i ain't already heard."
then i said, "woman, don't you try to turn it all around
'cause the fact still remains that someone else was in my house."
then she said, "you're right about that
something did go down, but i don't have to turn it around
'cause what goes around comes back around."
i'm moving a little closer to her
she's tripping over the furniture
she said, "wait first, just let me explain."
i said, "no need to just give me his name."
and then she said, "uh... uh"
i say, "uh, what?"
she said, "please sit down in a chair"
and i say, "no, i'm standing up"
and then she cries out, "i'm so scared to tell you
because of what you might do"
and i screamed, "look girl, you better give me this man's name
and i'm not playing with you."
she says "okay", wipes her nose and then asks me about a girl named tina
i thought to myself said it sounds familiar
then i said, "i probably know her if i seen her"
then i said, "anyway, girl
what the hell does that got to do with this man?"
she said, "he know my girl roxanne"
i said, "who the hell is roxanne?"
then she says, "roxanne's a friend of mine
who knew this guy named chuck
chuck's cool with this guy named rufus"
and i'm sitting here like, "what the fuck?!"
then she says, "rufus wife, cathy
we both went to high school
she introduced me to the policeman that stopped you" 

now i'm dashing home
doing 85
swerving lane to lane, with fire in my eyes
i got a million thoughts
going through my mind
i'm thinking about what i'ma do
and who i'm gonna do it to when i get home
how could i have been so blind?
and then i look in my rear view
i cannot believe this
(whoo whoo whoo)
damn, here comes a policeman
he drove right up on me and flashed his lights
then i pulled over without thinking twice
he hops out the car and walked over to me
and said, "license and registration please."
i looked up at him and said
"officer, is there something wrong?"
he said, "no, except you were doing 60 in a 40 mile zone"
then i said, "officer
let me explain please
you see the truth of the matter is
is that i got an emergency."
he said, "no excuses and no exception."
he flicks his cigarette as he gave me the ticket
said, "have a nice day.", and walked away
i said, "yeah right.", and drove away
then i turned my radio on
and did 55 all the way home
i pulled up in the driveway
hopped out and slammed the car door
then go in through the back
bust up in the house
pull back the shower door
and she screaming, "what's all that for?"
then i'm like, "woman i called this house
and a man picked up my phone"
then she said, "calm down
did you forget my brother 'twan came home"
"oh..."
and that's all i could say was "oh"
with a stupid look on my face
said, "i forgot he came home today."
and she said, "that's okay
because honey i understand
she said you don't have to explain."
then i took her by the hand
i kissed her and then we went to the room
then i turned some music on
apologized one more time
then went down and start getting it on
and she started biting her lip
grabbing me and making noise
now we making love and she's in my ear whispering
"it's all yours."
i said, "i love you."
and she said, "i love you, too."
then a tear fell up out my eye
and then i called her my sunshine
and then she looked at me
and said, "baby go deeper please."
and that's when i start goin' crazy
like i was tryin' to give her a baby
the room feel like it's spinning
'cause we keep turning and turning
as if we were in a whirlwind
the way our toes are curling
the next thing ya know, she starts going real wild
and starts screaming my name
then i said, "baby, we must slow down
before i bust a vessel in my brain."
and she said, "please no don't stop."
and i said, "i caught a cramp."
then she said, "please keep on going."
i said, "my leg is about to crack."
then she cries out
"oh my goodness, i'm about to climax."
and i said, "cool, climax
just let go of my leg!"
she says, "you're the perfect lover."
i said, "i can't go no further."
then i flip back the cover
oh my god, a rubber (rubber, rubber, rubber...) 

ok, i’m 'bout to get you drunk up in this fucking club
spend a lot of money in this fucking club
piss the haters off up in this fucking club
employees it’s the boss up in this fucking club
i’m about to smoke a blunt up in this fucking club
go ahead and call me scotty in this fucking club
so many bad hoes up in this fucking club
mess around and fuck a bitch right in this fucking club

climb up, slide down
bend it over, twerk now
bounce walk, touch ya feet
split, split, split, split; now let me see
show your pussy, show your pussy
show your pussy, show your pussy

little mama gonna show me the pussy
i am no rookie, i'm smoking on cookies
she see that my pockets is fatter than snooki
i'm locking her up and no bullets will book me
she licking that molly like sodium
she climb to the top off the pole, she rose
she dropped real fast; acrophobia
i'm addicted, i'mma need a dose of you
all this money coming down on you
little mama you know what you supposed to do
you looking at me like i have a clue
just take off your clothes like a fitting room
she shaking her ass and her titties
do whatever you want for them benjamins
two bitches they popping that pussy
buffy the body, big booty delicious
the way she keep breaking me pictures
she popping it, let that bitch hit my damn swisha (yeah)
the og gas bags presidential
little mama, i pulled up in something presidential (yeah)
i look like the president come with me
cause of my private president residence, presidents
can't wife her cause she be sucking and fucking
and looking and properly selling it, she dirty dancing

climb up, slide down
bend it over, twerk now
bounce walk, touch ya feet
split, split, split, split; now let me see
show your pussy, show your pussy
show your pussy, show your pussy

at the strip club they showing pussy
hike that ass up and throw it to me
little mama got the whole club lookin'
ass thicker than a bowl of puddin’
clap that, clap that
bring it here, let me slap that
i’m lowkey in vip
i’m getting head like a snapback
we hella deep in this club, got mo’ niggas than a cotton field
this the way that we ball out, thirty k in dollar bills
damn, i make it happen; damn, i make it rain
damn, i make it flood; damn, i make her drown
take her to my place, pouring up the ace
then i'mma paint her face like a clown
fuck using cups, pour it in her mouth
i bet that chick she won’t leave a drop
i think a nigga pockets just got in a fight
all of these motherfucking knots
juicy j when i killed that pussy, she don’t call the cops
shawty such a dope bitch, got me watching out for the 'narcs
climb up, slide down
bend it over, twerk now
bounce walk, touch ya feet
split, split, split, split; now let me see
show your pussy, show your pussy
show your pussy, show your pussy 

he looks around the kitchen and says, "something is really weird"
she says, "why do you say that?"
he says "'cause you keep tryin' to get me out of here"
he says "ever since i been in this house your face has went from white to red
and remember when i first walked through the door
you act like you had seen a ghost from the dead"
then he says, "girl if you hidin' something i'm gonna be so mad"
then he hears something fallin' he says "what the fuck was that?"
she says "it sound like it came from upstairs, sounds like the plumbing"
he said "woman that sound did not come from upstairs
i'll be damned if you're not up to something
now the sound that i just heard, it came from this kitchen."
and then he looks over by the stove
while shes easin' over by the dishes
and then he walks over to the refrigerator and pushes it back
and then he looks her in her face, looks like she's about to have a heart attack
then he notices the pie on the counter: one slice is missing
now the story's gettin' scary
'cause he comes to realize that bridget is allergic to cherry
then he slowly looks up at her and now her face is red as hell
he's breathing real hard, movin' closer, she says, "hun, you don't look so well"
and then he says, "move!"
she says, "no"
he says, "move!"
she says, "no"
"bitch move!!!" she moves!
and then, he looks at the cabinet
he walks to the cabinet
get close to the cabinet
now he's opening the cabinet
now pause the movie 'cause what i'm about to say to y'all is so damn twisted
not only is there a man in this cabinet
but the man is a midget (midget, midget, midget...) 

well, here we are, the four of us
in total shock, me and her
i closed my mouth and swallowed spit
as i'm thinking to myself, "this is some deep shit!"
and i said, "so you're gonna tell me he's the one you been talking to?"
he says, "yes", i says, "no"
he says, "yes", i says, "no", he says, "it's the truth!"
i yell, "all of y'all ass is crazy, let me up out this door
because this is way more than i bargained for"
and then she says, "wait, i'm sure we can all fix this"
then i said, "i'm late, plus i ain't got a damn thing to do with this!"
but then she said, "but wouldn't you like to know just how it all began?"
then i thought to myself, and said, "quick, you got three minutes"
and then it got real quiet, i said, "somebody start talking"
then she said, "my god, rufus! i've got just one question:
how could you do something like this? i'm so hurt!"
he looked at her and said, "bitch please, you've got your nerve
with all your club hopping, lying saying you was shopping
and now here you are in our home, and you're calling me wrong?"
she said, "okay, you busted me!
and that much i agree, you've caught me cheating!
but this is a little extreme!"
he said, "you are my wife sleeping behind my back
and now i come home and you got him in the closet, how extreme is that?!"
and she said, "but she's a he!"
then he said, "please, you can't judge me"
she said, "rufus, this is crazy!"
then i said, "stop arguing!
i did not stay here to hear y'all chew each other out
so, get to the point, or i swear i'm out!"
"excuse me, please, but i think i can explain what's going on in here
my name is chuck and i been knowing rufus about a year
at midnight creeping around with him has been a living hell
sneaking in and out of hotels"
i said, "brother, spare me the details!"
then rufus said, "chuck, please! don't say nothing else!"
then she screams, "rufus, you son of a bitch"
he says, "cathy, go to hell!"
i said, "i thought you said your name was mary
that what you said at the party
man this is gettin' scary, i'm gonna shoot somebody"
then rufus starts yelling and screaming, saying, "cathy, this is all your fault!"
she throws a pillow at him and says, "you were creeping too
the only difference is you didn't get caught!"
chuck screamed out, "we're in love!"
cathy says, "love my ass!"
rufus said they're getting married, then i shoot one in the air!
then i said, "not another one of you sons of bitches say a word!
'cause all this shit i'm going through is unheard!"
i grabbed my cellular
said, "this is so wrong", i call up my home
and a man picks up the phone (phone, phone, phone...)
"hello? hello?" 

(i'ma make your legs shake, i'ma make your leg)
tonight’ll be different from any other night
(i'ma-i'mma make your legs shake, leg shake)
tonight i wanna hear you screamin’ ooohhh (yeeaahh)
(i'ma make your legs shake, i'ma make your leg)
and i’m gonna give you the reasons why i'mma make your leg
(i'ma-i'mma make your legs shake, leg shake)
baby baby baby baby

i’m goin’ down down down
and do it ‘til your legs’ shakin’
do it ‘til your legs’ shakin’
do it ‘til your leg (oohhh)
i’m going down down down
and do it ‘til your legs’ shakin’
do it ‘til your legs’ shakin’
do it ‘til your leg (oohhh)

dead in the middle of the club, i spotted at her
shorty’s so tough, i think i’m in love
imagination goin’ crazy
think i wanna make her my lady
and the way that she get so freaky
i just wanna give her a baby
and then i’m gonna get her wide open
give her what she been missin’ and feelin’
lick it ‘til she’s shiverin’ oooh
and then i’m gonna look her in her eyes and tell her
i love her, i love her, i love her…
i’m goin’ down down down
and do it ‘til your legs’ shakin’
do it ‘til your legs’ shakin’
do it ‘til your leg (oohhh)
i’m going down down down
and do it ‘til your legs’ shakin’
do it ‘til your legs’ shakin’
do it ‘til your leg (oohhh)

i'ma make ya shake, shake, shake, shake
shake, shake, shake, shake

ain’t nothing gonna interrupt this mood we’re in
they can call all they want they can knock all they want
but they won’t get in (no!)
not tonight cause i’m about to make my mark on you
girl you are my world, my piece of paradise
if you let me do (let me do) what i want to you
girl i promise through this whole night i’ll be kissin’ you
until your body cums, until we see the sun
send you into to shock girl once i touch you with my taser tongue
and then i just wanna get her wide open
give her what she been missin’ and feelin’
lick it ‘til she’s shiverin’ oooh
and then i’m gonna look her in her eyes and tell her
i love her, i love her, i love her…
i’m goin’ down down down
and do it ‘til your legs’ shakin’
do it ‘til your legs’ shakin’
do it ‘til your leg (oohhh)
i’m going down down down
and do it ‘til your legs’ shakin’
do it ‘til your legs’ shakin’
do it ‘til your leg (oohhh)

i'ma make ya shake, shake, shake, shake
shake, shake, shake, shake

luda! haha
wait for it, wait for it
let me tell you what i'mma do right quick
(what'cha gon’ do?) listen
i'ma start from the forehead to lips to the neck to the chest
flip her over then i’m kissin’ down her backside
flip her over again i’m ready to go for a swim
i'mma make her body tremble if she act right
make her as woozy as woozy get
feelin’ like we on a movie set
can you feel the vibrations?
my tongue just like a jacuzzi jet
i put your man to shame wit it
i don’t play no games wit it
imma have you grippin’ the sheets screamin’
when i write your name wit it
first, last, middle
and my tongue just likes to scribble
morning, noon, and night i gotta have it
i’m a dog eat it up like bits and kibbles
make me dribble like cp3, but i rep that dtp
so if you gimme that, i’mma give you that
one leg up over my shoulder
let me be your remote controller
let me try to keep my composure
so many different ways that i can fold ya
oh yea i go to town girl
you should keep me around (oohhh)
cause every night i’m goin’
i’m goin’ down down down
and do it ‘til your legs’ shakin’
do it ‘til your legs’ shakin’
do it ‘til your leg (oohhh)
i’m going down down down
and do it ‘til your legs’ shakin’
do it ‘til your legs’ shakin’
do it ‘til your leg (oohhh)

i'ma make ya shake, shake, shake, shake
shake, shake, shake, shake
shake, shake, shake, shake
shake, shake, shake, shake
shake, shake, shake, shake
shake, shake, shake, shake

so uhh
what'chu think about that? hahahah
yeah, i thought you would
no i like it too, it’s cool 

believe it or not
i just started laughin'
shaking my head
and just kept on laughin'
thinking about all the things i had been through that day
then she cries, "what? why do you have that smile upon your face?"
then i laughed out said, "thinking about the things that i've been through"
she wipes her nose and she sniggles and laughs out, "i've been through it too"
then i start laughing again
and she start laughing more
then next thing you know we both are
cracking up on the floor
and she laughs out, "i can't believe this idiot really answered my phone"
now meanwhile 'twan just got out of prison and he's on his way home
then she laughs, "baby i'm sorry for all the lies and all the bullshit"
then i say girl, "just wait till i tell you all the drama that i've been dealing wit'"
she laughs, "i wanna hear it all"
then i laugh and say, "baby first of all
i got a hangover, been trapped in the closet, slept wit who knows, threatened to kill a pastor"
she says, "what?"
"baby this is no lie, he had a lover, turns out to be a gay guy"
she says, "damn you've been through a lot of shit"
"plus i got a ticket"
meanwhile the policeman he turns around
just out of concern comes back to the house
then he pulls up in the driveway
my car's parked crooked with the lights on
then he goes around the back way
he hear the dogs barking like something's wrong
he gets to the backdoor and discover it's been broken in
he looks around, pulls his gun out, then proceeds in
meanwhile we're laughing and laughing and laughing
but from his perspective he thinks somebody's crying
he gets closer to the bedroom and he would swear that somebody was coughing and sighing
meanwhile we're in the bedroom laughing as i'm trying to continue to explain
she yells out, "sylvester, you're killing me"
i said, "i swear that it went that way"
then next thing you know, he bust up in the room said, "muthafucka freeze!"
and then i looked back up at him and said, "wait, you're that damn police!"
then she screams, "baby, i mean james." she says, "everything is cool"
and then he yells, "gwendolyn, i got this
i know you're sick and tired of this fool!"
then i stood up, start walking toward him screaming, "man, get out my house!"
then he yells, "freeze!" she screams, "please!" and i pulled my beretta out
she cried out "sylvester, please don't!"
visions of him making love to her
he said, "man, put the gun on the floor"
i can't stop thinking about him and her
i slowly put the gun down and then i put my hands up
he winked at me and smiled
and that is when i went nuts
hopped all over him grabbed the gun
she screaming, "settle down!"
going all around both handling the gun then all of a sudden, pow 

i'm standing here looking in the mirror
saying "damn" to myself
i should have known the day would come
that she would find somebody else
and all the things i took her through
shit, i shouldn't have lasted this long
now i'm at this telephone booth calling tyrone

'cause when a woman's fed up
(no matter how you beg, no)
it ain't nothing you can do about it
(nothing you can do about it)
it's like running out of love
(no matter what you say, no)
and then it's too late to talk about it
(too late to talk about it)

now let's talk about how it all goes down
i used to make love to you daily
when the night fell the same
and anytime that you were hurt
i could feel your pain
and if i had a dollar
it was yours, yeah
and whenever we would go out
i would front the bill
but now the up is down
and the silence is sound
i hurt you too too many times
now i can't come around
'cause when a woman's fed up
(no matter how you beg, no)
it ain't nothing you can do about it
nothing you can do about it
it's like running out of love
(no matter what you say, no)
running out of love
and then it's too late to talk about it
(too late to talk about it)
oh yeah, oh yeah

la da da da da la la da da
la da da da da la la da da
whoa, listen...
if you don't want to find out the hard way
then listen to this song while the record plays

'cause when a woman's fed up
(no matter how you beg, no)
mama taught me a long time ago
it ain't nothing you can do about it
nothing you can do about it (oh no, oh no)
it's like running out of love
(no matter what you say, no)
and then it's too late to talk about it
(too late to talk about it)
 (throughout repeating chorus)
"you can cry a river
'til an ocean starts to form, yeah
but she will always remember
'cause she's a woman scorned
and if you ever get her back
it will never be the same, no, no
she's cuttin' the corners of her eyes
every time she see your face
now your trust is out the door
she don't want you no more
you used to tell your boys, not me
and she would always be there for you
if you had took the time to see
what that woman meant to you"
is what the mirror said to me, whoa
she was raised in illinois
right outside of chicago
some of the best cookin' you ever had
yes, it was and i miss her
hey woman, if you're listening
i said i miss you baby
whoa, oh yeah 

i just wanna marry the pussy (put a ring on it)
i just wanna marry the pussy (put a ring on it)
i just wanna marry the pussy (put a ring on it)
wanna go down on my knees, ask that pussy to marry me

sight for sore eyes my best friend, my better half
been good to me, it's love to me, can't explain what it do to me
pussy talk to me, pussy sing to me
so much joy it bring to me
when i call the pussy, it come right away
and i call the pussy like every day
yeah i love pussy and pussy love me
i can tell the way it strip for me
and if i'm ever in the mood for two pussies
then the pussy will bring another pussy to me

this is a sex proposal
i just wanna marry the pussy
i just wanna marry the pussy
(pussy will you marry me?)
i just wanna marry the pussy
wanna go down on my knees and ask that pussy to marry me
pussy been so sweet to me
it feeds me, so good to me
always open up to me, it moans for me and it cries to me
pussy's there when i fall asleep
let's me know that it belongs to me
and i love the way that pussy screams when it tells me i'm so freaky
no one compares to this pussy
because this pussy is the best pussy
baby we put on  a tux, break out a ring
because this pussy is the realest pussy (to me)

this is a sex proposal
i just wanna marry the pussy
i just wanna marry the pussy
(pussy would you marry me, please?)
i just wanna marry the pussy
(i wanna go down)
wanna go down on my knees and ask that pussy to marry me

yeah i spank that pussy like it's so naughty
and i drive that pussy crazy, that's my bugatti
make that pussy hot and wet, that's miami climate
tongue down her landing strip, no auto-pilot
yeah, eat that pussy, kiss that pussy
beat that pussy like i own that pussy
get in that pussy, drill that pussy
make her love come down til i drown that pussy
and i take my time in it, that's the scenic route
sex trainer, i work pussy out
tell her pop that pussy like you're from the south
swear the pussy so good she got a nigga writin' vows
i just wanna marry the pussy
(i just wanna marry the pussy)
i just wanna marry the pussy
(down on my knees with a ring yeah)
i just wanna marry the pussy
(all those times that i was horny)
wanna go down on my knees and ask that pussy to marry me

yeah, would you marry me pussy? would ya?
would you marry me pussy? yeah
say yes, say yes, say yes
goin' down on my knees, marry me pussy
goin' down on my knees, marry me pussy
and i'm gonna make you happy pussy
and i'm gonna make you happy pussy
and i'm gonna make you happy pussy 