every day i wake up, i hope i'm dreamin'
i can't believe this shit
can't believe you ain't here
sometimes it's just hard for a nigga to wake up
it's just hard to just keep goin'
it's like i feel empty inside without you bein' here
i would do anything man, to bring you back
i'd give all this shit, shit don't mean nothing
i saw your son today, he look just like you
you was the greatest, you'll always be the greatest
i miss you b.i.g
can't wait 'til that day, when i see your face again
i can't wait 'til that day, when i see your face again

yeah, this right here (tell me why)
goes out to everyone that has lost someone
that they truly loved (c'mon, check it out)

seems like yesterday we used to rock the show
i laced the track, you locked the flow
so far from hangin' on the block for dough
notorious, they got to know that
life ain't always what it seem to be
words can't express what you mean to me
even though you're gone, we still a team
through your family, i'll fulfill your dream (that's right)
in the future, can't wait to see
if you open up the gates for me
reminisce some time, the night they took my friend
try to black it out, but it plays again
when it's real, feelings hard to conceal
can't imagine all the pain i feel
give anythin' to hear half your breath (half your breath)
i know you still livin' your life after death
every step i take, every move i make
every single day, every time i pray
i'll be missin' you
thinkin' of the day when you went away
what a life to take, what a bond to break
i'll be missin' you
(i miss you b.i.g.)

it's kinda hard with you not around (yeah)
know you in heaven, smilin' down (ha)
watchin' us while we pray for you
every day we pray for you
'til the day we meet again
in my heart is where i'll keep you, friend
memories give me the strength i need to proceed
strength i need to believe
my thoughts big i just can't define (can't define)
wish i could turn back the hands of time
us in the six, shop for new clothes and kicks
you and me takin' flicks
makin' hits, stages they receive you on
still can't believe you're gone (can't believe you're gone)
give anything to hear half your breath (half your breath)
i know you still livin' your life after death
every step i take, every move i make (i miss you)
every single day, every time i pray
i'll be missin' you (yeah, yeah, yeah)
thinkin' of the day when you went away
what a life to take, what a bond to break
i'll be missin' you
somebody tell me why
one glad morning
when this life is over
i know i'll see your face
every night i pray, every step i take
every move i make, every single day
every night i pray, every step i take
every day that passes
is a day that i get closer
every move i make, every single day
to seeing you again
we miss you b.i.g
every night i pray, every step i take
and we won't stop
'cause we can't stop
every move i make, every single day
that's right
every night i pray, every step i take
every move i make, every single day
we miss you b.i.g
every step i take, every move i make (i miss you)
every single day, every time i pray
i'll be missin' you (yeah, yeah, yeah)
thinkin' of the day when you went away
what a life to take, what a bond to break
i'll be missin' you (we miss you)

every step i take, every move i make
every single day, every time i pray
i'll be missin' you (i'll be missin' you)
thinkin' of the day (thinkin' of the day) when you went away
what a life to take, what a bond to break
i'll be missin' you (we miss you) 

one, one two
check me out right here yo

yo, the sun don't shine forever
you can turn the track up a little bit for me
but as long as it's here then we might as well shine together
all up in my ears
better now than never, business before pleasure
the mic is loud, but the beats isn't loud
p. diddy and the fam, who you know do it better?
yeah right, no matter what, we air tight (yeah!)
so when you hear somethin', make sure you hear it right
don't make a ass outta yourself, by assumin'
yeah! now the mic is lower, turn the mics up
our music keeps you movin', what are you provin'?
turn that shit all the way up, yeah
you know that i'm two levels above you baby
music's gettin' louder
hug me baby, i'ma make you love me baby
this shit is hot!
talkin' crazy, ain't gon' get you nuthin' but choked
uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
and that jealousy is only gonna leave you broke
so the only thing left now is god for these cats
and big you know you too hard for these cats
i'ma win 'cause i'm too smart for these cats
while they makin' up facts (uhh) you rakin' up plaques
in the commission, you ask for permission to hit 'em
he don't like me, hit him while wifey was with him
you heard of us, the murderous, most shady
been on the low lately, the feds hate me
the son of (*satan*), they say my killing's too blatant
you hesitatin', i'm in your mama crib waitin'
duct tapin', your fam' destiny
lays in my hands, gat lays in my waist
francis, m to the izz-h phenomenal
gun rest under your vest by the abdominal
rhyme a few bars so i could buy a few cars
and i kick a few flows so i could pimp a few hoes
excellence is my presence, never tense
never hesitant, leave a nigga bent real quick
real sick, brawl nights, i perform like mike
anyone - tyson, jordan, jackson
action, pack guns, ridiculous
and i'm, quick to bust, if my ends you touch
kids or girl you touch, in this world i clutch
two auto-matoes, used to call me fatso
now you call me castro, my rap flows
militant, y'all faggots ain't killin' shit
oops cristal keep spillin' shit; you overdid it holmes
you in the danger zone, you shouldn't be alone
hold hands and say it like me
the most shady, frankie baby, fantastic
graphic, tryin' to make dough, like jurassic
park did quick to spark kids who start shit
see me, only me the underboss
of this holocaust, truly yours, frank white
we got the real live shit from front to back
to my people in the world, where the fuck you at?
where my niggas is at? where my niggas is at?
where the fuck my bitches at? where my bitches is at?
we got the real live shit from front to back
to my people in the world, where the fuck you at?
where my niggas is at? where my niggas is at?
where the fuck my bitches at? where my bitches is at?

put your money on the table and get your math on
break it down, split it up, get your laugh on
see you later dog, i'ma get my stash on
there's a bed full of money that i get my ass on
i never lose the passion to go platinum
said i'd live it up 'til all the cash gone
ain't that funny, only use plastic, craft it
to make classics, hotter than acid
p-d, rollin' on your tape or cd
the billboard killa, no team illa
the fam-o, ammo, is every channel
we been hot for a long time burnin' like a candle
what you can do is check your distribution
my songs bump in houston like scarface produced 'em
you ain't gotta like me, you just mad
'cause i tell it how it is, and you tell it how it might be
we got the shit mapped tight, brass knuckles and flashlights
the heaters in the two-seaters, with two miras
senoritas, kiss rings when you meet us
p. diddy run the city, show no pity
i'm the witty one, frank's the crook from the brook'
mad he broke the neck of your coke connect
no respect squeeze off 'til all y'all diminish
shootouts for twenty minutes, until we finish
venice took the loot, escaped, in the coupe
break bread, with the 'kiss, peniro, sheek louch'
black rob joined the mob, it ain't no replacin' him
niggas step up, we just macin' them, placin' them
in fune-rals, criminals turned aroused
to brick city, nobody come off like p. diddy
business wise, i play men
hide money on the island cayman
y'all just betray men, we spray men, i position competition
another day in the life of the commission

we got the real live shit from front to back
to my niggas in the world, where the fuck you at?
where my niggas is at? where my niggas is at?
where the fuck my bitches at? where my bitches is at?
we got the real live shit from front to back
to my people in the world, where the fuck you at?
where my niggas is at? where my niggas is at?
where the fuck my bitches at? where my bitches is at?
we got the real live shit from front to back
to my people in the world, where the fuck you at?
where my niggas is at? where my niggas is at?
where the fuck my bitches at? where my bitches is at?
we got the real live shit from front to back
to my people in the world, where the fuck you at?
where my niggas is at? where my niggas is at?
where the fuck my bitches at? where my bitches is at?

ayo, can you hear me out there?
ayo turn me up, nobody can hear me out there
that's good, it's all fucked up now
y'all know it's all fucked up now right?
what the fuck i'ma do now?
what i'ma do now?
can y'all hear me out there?

we got the real live shit!!
can y'all hear me out there?
fuck y'all niggas wanna do
it's all fucked up now.. what i'ma do now, huh?
what i'ma do now? it's all fucked up now 

yeah, is that bounce right here
time to move on, time to be strong
don't stop now, straight to the top now
someone who truly understands
how to treat a man
this is what i need

girl, you made me believe again
if you happy, then be with him
go 'head, mami, breathe again, go 'head, mami, breathe again
don't stop now straight to the top now
go 'head, mami, make it hot now
i need me a love that's 'gon make my heart stop now
and what i need is simple, five foot five with dimples
potential wife credentials
know about the life i'm into, life i've been through
and how i had a triflin' mental
so ride with me, g force fly with me
times get hard, cry with me, die with me
white beach sands, lie with me
my advice is forget the limelight
let's make love, while we listen to frank white
(this is what i need) so tight, now i understand life
what i need (yeah, take that), oh, baby
is a pretty woman next to me (a pretty woman, yeah, baby)
to share the dreams that i believe (dream with me, believe in me)
maybe we could start a family (start a family, baby)
someone who truly understands, how to treat a man
this is what i need

listen to me now, what should i say now? come on ma
been a whole day, now i wanna lay 'round
and sip coladas, dipped in prada
i'm smooth as erik estrada, dipped in dollars
we out in vegas nevada, bubble bath in the champagne glass
'bout the size of a campaign ad
you don't know how you look to me
but if love was a crime you be a crook to me
'cause mami, i done been around the world
seen a lot of places
been around your girl, believe i read faces
i can tell she don't want me to prevail
but i, learn my lesson watchin' sean stressin'
so why listen to her and start guessin'?
mami, you ain't ready to ride then start dressin'
i need a girl to receive my mom's blessin'
confession, my love no contestin'
i need affection
yes, i need affection, let's go mario
girl, what the hell is on your mind?
i could be dumb but i'm not blind
there's something leaking in your mind
don't look to good for you and me
always getting weak
that ain't what i need, baby

is a pretty woman next to me (oh, please, baby)
to share the dreams that i believe (i need a girl in my life)
maybe we could start a family (start a family baby)
someone who truly understands
how to treat a man (how to treat a man)
this is what i need

ayo, the sun don't shine forever
but as long as were here, then we might as well shine together
never mind the weather, go somewhere and get our minds together
build a love that'll last forever
so let's stop the pain, stop the rain
put stress to rest girl, stop the games
name the spot, mami, i got the plane
roll through rough, i got the range
ma, i got some thangs, known to put rocks in rings
pushing hundred foot yachts and thangs
your man don't play, have you ever been to saint-tropez
or seen a brotha play a mandolay?
girl i wanna just look in your eyes and watch the sun rise
no more lies, no more tears to cry
no more reasons for leavin', you i believe in
love you 'til the day i stop breathing
i love you, girl
this is what i need
is a pretty woman next to me
a pretty woman next to me
to share the dreams that i believe
when i wake up in the morning
maybe we could start a family
i wanna see your pretty face
someone who truly understands, how to treat a man
oh yeah, oh yeah
this is what i need
is a pretty woman next to me
to share the dreams that i believe
someone who truly understands, how to treat a man
this is what i need baby
is a pretty woman next to me
standing next to me
to share the dreams that i believe
when i wake up in the morning
maybe we could start a family
i wanna see your pretty face, baby
someone who truly understands, how to treat a man
oh yeah, oh yeah
this is what i need
is a pretty woman next to me 

yeah, come on
i need a
i want a

i need a girl to ride, ride, ride
i need a girl to make my wife
i need a girl who's mine, all mine
i need a girl in my life

yo, i'm internationally known on the microphone
i got it all, but i really need a wife at home
i don't really like the zone, never spend the night alone
i got a few you would like to bone but
chicks that romance me don't tickle my fancy
only tiffany, nancy, that's not where my plans be
need a girl that could stand me, raise me a family
go from trips to delancey to trips to the grammy's 'cause
most of these girls be confusin' me
i don't know if they really love me or they usin' me
maybe it's the money or maybe you ain't used to me?
'cause you was depressed and now you abusin' me
that's why i need me a girl that be true to me
know 'bout the game and know how it do to me
without a girl on my side, shit'll ruin me
forget the world, girl, it's you and me
now let's ride
i need a girl to ride, ride, ride (ride with me)
i need a girl to make my wife
(i need a girl who makes me feel so good inside)
i need a girl who’s mine, all mine
i need a girl in my life (whoa, ride)
i need a girl to ride, ride, ride (right here with me)
i need a girl to be my wife
(i need a girl who makes me feel so good inside)
nobody else, she’s all mine
i need a girl in my life

yo, now i done met a lot of women in my lifetime
but see it's not a lot of women that got the right mind
i done had pretty chicks with all the right features
and hood rat chicks that only rock sneakers
cellphones and beepers and know how to treat ya
you break her heart, she'll walk out and leave ya
i find a girl, i'ma keep her
'cause now i'm gettin' money and the game gettin' deeper
yo, on some real shit, i need somebody i could chill with (let's chill)
i need somebody i could build with
i need somebody i could hold tight
winter time in a full-length snow white
anytime we together feel so right (so right)
you the girl i been lookin' for my whole life
god, bless me, i'm glad i got the insight
because of you, girl, now i understand life
i need a girl (i need a girl)
i need a girl to ride, ride, ride (ride with me)
i need a girl to make my wife (my wife)
i need a girl who’s mine, all mine
i need a girl in my life (my life)
i need a girl to ride, ride, ride (oh, ride)
i need a girl to be my wife (my wife)
nobody else, she’s all mine (yeah)
i need a girl in my life

i had a girl that would've died for me
didn't 'preciate her so i made her cry for me
every night she had tears in her eyes for me
caught a case, shorty took the whole ride for me
at first we were friends then became lovers
you was more than my girl, we was like brothers
all night we would play fight under covers
now you gone, can't love you like i really wanna
but every time i think about your pretty smile
and how we used to drive the whole city wild
damn, i wish you would've had my child
a pretty little girl with diddy's style
shit is wild
all them days that i reminisce
about the way i use to kiss them pretty lips
but as long as you happy, i'ma tell you this
i love you girl and you're the one that i will always miss
i love you, yeah
i need a girl to ride, ride, ride
i need a girl to make my wife
i need a girl who's mine, all mine (mine, all mine)
i need a girl in my life
i need a girl to ride, ride, ride
i need a girl to be my wife
nobody else, she's all mine (all mine)
i need a girl in my life (girl, you mean so much to me)
i need a girl to ride, ride, ride (ride, ride)
i need a girl to make my wife
i need a girl who's mine, all mine (all mine)
i need a girl in my life (i just want you to be my baby)
i need a girl to ride, ride, ride
i need a girl to be my wife (i just need you to be my wife)
nobody else, she's all mine (i just want you)
i need a girl in my life
i need a girl to ride, ride, ride (ride, ride, ride)
i need a girl to make my wife (girl, you make me feel so good inside)
i need a girl who's mine, all mine
i need a girl in my life
i need a girl to ride, ride, ride (ride, ride, ride)
i need a girl to be my wife (be my wife)
nobody else, she's all mine (she's my life)
i need a girl in my life (girl, you mean so much to me)
i need a girl to ride, ride, ride
i need a girl to make my wife (girl, you make me feel so good inside)
i need a girl who's mine, all mine
i need a girl in my life 

bad boy
we ain't gon' stop

now it's sean on the hot track, melt like it's hot wax
put it out, all the stores, bet you could shop that (that's right)
leave a nigga with a hot hat
fronting like bad boy ain't got tracks—nigga, stop that
there's no guy slicker than this young fly nigga
nickel-nine nigga, floss, you die quicker (uh-huh)
did fed time, out-of-town pie-flipper
turn cristal into a crooked-i-sipper
everybody want to be fast, see the cash
fuck around, they weak staff get a heat rash
anything in bad boy way, we smash (we smash)
hundred-g stash, push a bulletproof e-class (hehe)
i'm through with bein a player and a baller
just want me one bad bitch so i can spoil her
mase wanna be the one you respect even when you're vexed
rock versace silks over silk v-necks
got green never seen, so you suck my jewels
clutch my uz', anything i touch, i bruisepuff make his own laws, nigga, fuck your rules (that's right)
goodfellas, you know you can't touch us dudes

don't push us, 'cause we're close to the edge
we're trying not to lose our heads, a-ha ha ha ha
broken glass everywhere
if it ain't about the money, puff, i just don't care (that's right)
i'm that goodfella fly guy, sometime wiseguy
spend time in h-a-w-a-i-i
mase, can you please stop smoking la-la?
puff, why try? i'm a thug, i'ma die high
i be out in jersey, puffin' hershey
brothers ain't worthy to rock my derby
though i'm never drug-free when i'm the club, g
though i know the thugs be wantin' to slug me (uh-huh)
could it be i move as smooth as bugsy? (yeah)
or be at the bar with too much bubbly? (c'mon)
yo, i think it must be the girls want to lust me
or is it simply the girls just love me?
brothers wanna: rock the rolls, rock my clothes
rock my ice, pull out glocks, stop my life (ugh)
i'm like, "damn, how these niggas got that trife?
used to be my man, how he gonna plot on my wife?"
do you think he snake me 'cause he hate me?
or he got his ph.d.: "player hatin' degree" (ahaha!)

can't nobody take my pride (uh-uh, uh-uh)
can't nobody hold me down
oh, no
i got to keep on movin'
quit that! (uh-huh) you a big cat? (yeah)
where your chicks at? (yeah) where your whips at? (where they at?)
wherever you get stacks, i'ma fix that
everything that's big dreams, i did that (that's right)
don't knock me 'cause you're boring
i'm record-sales-soaring, straight touring
simply a lot of men be wanting to hear me
'cause their words just don't offend me (uh-uh, uh-uh)
we spend cheese in the west indies
then come home to plenty cream bentleys (hehe)
you name it, i could claim it
young, black, and famous, with money hangin' out the anus
and when you need a hit, who you go and get? (who?)
bet against us? (not a sure bet)
we make hits that'll rearrange your whole set (that's right)
and got a benz that i ain't even drove yet

don't push us, 'cause we're close to the edge
we're trying not to, lose our heads, a-ha ha ha ha

i get the feeling sometime
it make me wonder why you wanna take us under
why you wanna take us under?
i get the feeling sometime
it make me wonder why you wanna take us under
why you wanna take us under?
can't nobody take my pride (uh-uh, uh-uh)
can't nobody hold me down
oh, no
i got to keep on movin'
can't nobody take my pride (uh-uh, uh-uh)
can't nobody hold me down
oh, no
i got to keep on movin'
can't nobody take my pride (uh-uh, uh-uh)
can't nobody hold me down
oh, no
i got to keep on movin'
can't nobody take my pride (uh-uh, uh-uh)
can't nobody hold me down
oh, no
i got to keep on movin' 

(man! i'm back man!)
uhh, check it out, uhh
i steps in, where the mo's and the hoes at, baby?
fuck all that pretty shit
taking it back to the gutter for you motherfuckers
niggas know the deal
niggas know who the don is
live from bedford-stuyvesant, the livest one
peep game, uhh, what, what, what

out of this world like mars when i spit these bars
come fuck with these stars up in luxury cars (yeah)
we built in radars to stay free from the cops
crucial choices to make, like, a-c or the drop? (haha)
are we gonna stop? shit, man, if my squad go broke
your squad oughta choke, watch your circle vanish like cigar smoke
ain't no joke, when your ones don't show
nigga, i know, might say "been there, done that" like dre (uh-huh)
through hard work, i earn the vault
promise god to never look back, or i turn to salt (yeah)
got nice watches, nice cars, nice bitches, and rings (c'mon)
guess it's safe to say a nigga like me got nice things (that's right)
can't relate to motherfuckers who ain't go no cake (uh-uh)
when you all fucked up and can't get no break (uh-huh)
when your fake-ass friends don't help you out when you need it
be on some real bullshit, politely tell you to beat it (ugh)
fuck that, get your own, nigga, don't ask me for shit
that's what i did, now they all asking for hits (yeah)
nigga, it's on for the simple fact i let it be known
we still fly, but separately, 'cause now i charter my own (c'mon)
propellers, goodfellas, leave all 'em player-haters jealous
billboard charts should tell us (yeah)
they can't touch us, why niggas bring the ruckus?
because release dates' bigger than mandela's, motherfuckers
just some ghetto boys
living in these ghetto streets (these ghetto streets)
and every day, they gotta fight to stay alive
it's just reality

yeah, make you a deal, check
these here's the dog years and motherfuckers don't shed
i try to bring you life, but motherfuckers want dead
so i travel with the barrel, with the chrome, with the lead
'cause when it's on, then it's on, the shots flown through your head
i been rich, i been poor, i saved and blown bread
some say i been here before because of the way i zone
some said jigga's zone's like the falling of rome
reoccurring, that he thinks like that 'cause he's observant
won't be known until i'm gone and niggas study my bones
mentally, been many places, but i'm brooklyn's own
in the physical, unseen like allah's body
in fact, my thoughts don't differ much from that of godbody
but it's the r-shottie that got cats likening me to the mob john gotti
rap dudes biting me 'cause i got it locked like the late bob marley
pardon me, y'all, the great bob marley
solemnly, we mourn all the rappers that's gone
niggas that got killed in the field and all the babies born
know they ain't fully prepared for this new world order
so i keep it ghetto like sunflower seeds and quarter waters
you walk 'em through it, you know, talk 'em through it
know these beats is more than music whenever i talk to it
destined for greatness, and y'all knew this when i doubled the pie
had a shorty in a girdle coming out of b-w-i
in school, i hated algebra, but i loved to multiply
and i told my nigga big i'd be multi before i die
and it's gon' happen, whether rapping or clapping, have it your way
'cause if that's my dough you're trapping, i'm clapping your way
it's for the ghetto...
just some ghetto boys
living in these ghetto streets
and everyday they gotta fight to stay alive (stay alive)
it's just reality (reality)

damn, it feel good to see people up on it (ugh)
flipped two keys in two weeks and didn't flaunt it (uh-huh)
my brain is haunted, with mean dreams
gs's with bb's on it, supreme schemes
to get richer than richie quickly, niggas wanna hit me
if they get me, dress my body in linen by armani, check it
my lyrical carjack, make your brains splat
high-caliber gats is all i fuck with, now peep the rough shit
in my circumference, mad bitches with mad lucci
bulletproof vestses under they coogis
spittin' my uzi, don't lose me, my trigger niggas represent
driving dirty in j-30's gettin' bent (uh-huh)
and to my hit hoes, my murder mamis
i be smokin' trees in belize when they find me
while you still killin' niggas with punani, like heiny
and cyrus up in cypress
fuck you raw, you on the floor with the virus
while i just slang coke, smoke pounds of choke (uh-huh)
got lawyers watching lawyers so i won't go broke, now check it
them country niggas call me frank white
i'm squirtin' off up in my loft, of course, i know my shit's tight
sunrise, open my eyes, no surprise
got my shorty flyin' in with keys taped to her thighs
with all the utensils, who hang my china thing
she half-black, half-oriental, eighty-six, she got me rental
the situation ain't accidental
what? from a, from a young g's perspective, ugh...
what? from a, from a young g's perspective, ugh...
just some ghetto boys
living in these ghetto streets
and everyday they gotta fight to stay alive
it's just reality, it's just reality
just some ghetto boys
living in these ghetto streets
and everyday they gotta fight to stay alive
it's just reality 

last night, i couldn't even get an answer
i tried to call, but my pride wouldn't let me dial
and i'm sitting here with this blank expression
and the way i feel, i wanna curl up like a child

i know you can hear me
i know you can feel me
i can't live without you
girl, please make me better
i wish i wasn't the way i am

if i told you once, i told you twice
you can see it in my eyes
i'm all cried out, with nothing to say
you're everything i wanted to be
if you could only see, it all belongs to me
i love you so much, i'm yearning for your touch
come and set me free, forever yours, i'll be
baby, won't you come and take this pain away?

last night, i couldn't even get an answer
(you said you couldn't get an answer, baby)
i tried to call, but my pride wouldn't let me dial
(that should never stop you)
and i'm sitting here (sitting there) with this blank expression
(i can't read your mind, baby)
and the way i feel (the way i feel), i wanna curl up like a child
(ooh baby)
i need you and you need me
this is so plain to see
and i would never let you go
and i will always love you so, i will
if you could only see, your heart belongs to me
i love you so much, i'm yearning for your touch
come and set me free, forever yours, i'll be
baby, won't you come and take this pain away

last night (oh, last night), i couldn't even get an answer
(oh baby, what you wanna do to me?)
i tried to call (alright), but my pride wouldn't let me dial
(why would you just hurt me, baby? oh)
and i'm sitting here with this blank expression
(don't save me baby, don't, no)
and the way i feel, i wanna curl up like a child
(i'm so alone, i'm so lonely, baby, oh)

tell me what words to say to make you come back
don't break me like that (ooh)
and if it matters, i'd rather stay home (baby)
with you, i'm never alone
don't wanna wait 'til you're gone
whatever you do, just don't leave me
last night (yeah), i couldn't even get an answer (didn't get an answer, baby)
(oh) i tried to call (call me, baby), but my pride wouldn't let me dial
(oh, couldn't you just dial me, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby?)
and i'm sitting here with this blank expression (don't sit there, no)
and the way i feel (alright, yeah), i wanna curl up like a child
(i'm so alone, i'm so lonely, baby, oh)

i need you and you need me (i need you)
this is so plain to see
and i would never let you go
and i will always love you so, i will
if you could only see, your heart belongs to me (belongs to me)
i love you so much (so, so), i'm yearning for your touch
come and set me free, forever yours, i'll be
baby, won't you come and take my pain away?

last night, i couldn't even get an answer (i couldn't get you, baby, yeah, oh)
i tried to call (call me, baby), but my pride wouldn't let me dial
(why couldn't you just dial me, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby?)
and i'm sitting here with this blank expression (don't sit there, no)
and the way i feel (alright, yeah), i wanna curl up like a child
(i'm so alone, i'm so lonely, baby)
why don't you pick up the phone and dial up my number?
and call me up, baby, i'm waiting on you
why don't you pick up the phone and dial up my number?
just call me up, baby, i'm waiting on you

{phone dialing and ringing}
"hello
hey what's-up
i've been tryin' to reach you all night
that shit ain't funny not picking up the motherfucking phone
better stop fucking playing with a nigga's feelings like that
you know how much i love you, right?
but for them couple of seconds though
when i couldn't get in touch with you
i'm ready to come over your house and shoot that motherfucker up
you better fucking not be there when i get over that house
{laughing}
that's really how it goes down, right?" 

this mase, you know what i'm saying
you got niggas that don't like me for whatever reason
you got niggas that don't wanna see me rich
you got niggas that's mad cause i'm always with they bitch
then you got niggas that just don't like me
you know the, those phd niggas
but you know i pop a lot of shit but i back it up though
see it's a difference
a lot of niggas pop shit
but a lot of niggas don't make hits
but it's like this whole bad boy shit
we come to bring it to y'all niggas, me, b.i., puff, lox, whoever, black rob
if you wanna dance, we dance

now trick what, lace who, that ain't what mase do
got a lot of girls that'd love to replace you
tell you to your face boo not behind your back
niggas talk shit, we never mind that
funny never find that, puff a dime stack
write hot shit and make a nigga say, rewind that
niggas know, we go against the harlem gigolo
getcha ho, lick her low, make the bitch hit the door
i represent honeys with money fly guys with gems
drive with the tints that be thirty-five percent
hoes hope i lay so i look both ways
cop says okay my tint smoke gray
no way, nigga leave without handing me my shit
got plans to get my land and my six
niggas outta pen'll understand this shit
pop champagne like i won a championship
been around the world and i i i
and we been playa hated
i don't know and i don't know why
why they want us faded
i don't know why they hate us
is it our ladies
or our drop mercedes
baby, baby

i was in one bedroom, dreaming of a million
now i'm in beach houses, cream to the ceiling
i was a gentleman living in tenements
now i'm swimming in all the women that be tens
went from bad boys to the crushed linen men
now my divi-dends be the new benjamins
hoes of all complexions
i like cinnamon
mase you got some hoes well nigga send em in
what you waiting for, let the freak show begin
how they came in a truck? (nah puff, that's a benz...)
mercedes, c'mere baby, you don't like the way
it's hot and hazy, never shady, you must be crazy
it's ridiculous how you put your lips on this
don't kiss right there, girlfriend, i'm ticklish
and i be switching ve's with a wrist full of g's
nigga please, i'm the macaroni with the cheese
been around the world and i i i
and we been playa hated
i don't know and i don't know why
why they want us faded
i don't know why they hate us
is it our ladies
or our drop mercedes
baby, baby

now puff rule the world even though i'm young
i make it my biz to see that all ladies cum
get em all strung from the tip of my tongue
lick em places niggas wouldn't dare put they faces
before i die, hope i, remake a flow by
in the brand new treasure on a old try
now when my throat dry, even when the smoke lie
eat the mami chocha and drive her loca
we never ride far, packed five in a car
save money for the drinks
i'm about to buy the bar
and everywhere i drive i'm a star
little kids all on the corner scream, that's my car
it was days couldn't be fly, now i'm in a t.i
come in clubs with b.i., now a nigga v.i
rock tons of gold, nuff money i fold
roll the way you wanna roll, break a hundred at the toll
been around the world and i i i
and we been playa hated
i don't know and i don't know why
why they want us faded
i don't know why they hate us
is it our ladies
or our drop mercedes
baby, baby
:
ok after these messages we'll be back with
the mad rapper and his brother the mad producer, after this
*applause*
ok just sit back, relax, and enjoy yourself
we'll get you through this
take a sip of water, deep breath, that'll do it
and welcome back as you can see (you got the check though?)
i'm trevor jones and i'm sitting in
i've been conversing with the mad rapper (did you get the check though?)
and he's still pretty mad
but, this time he brought someone else with him
and quite frankly (yeah yeah) he's even madder (you god damn right!)
mr. producer (yo, youknowhati'msayin) why are you so mad?
yo, iiiiiii, i'mma i'mma keep it real simple for you
yeah t-t-t-t-t-tell them niggas why you mad son!
tell them niggas why you mad son!
(ok, gentlemen please, one at a time)
tell em why you mad son, word up, tell em why you mad son!
youknowhati'msayin? iiiiiii, iiiiiii be i be i been
i been, i been here for the culture, youknowhati'msayin?
i don't, i don't, i don't, i don't
i don't be recognizin all that new jack shit
yo we don't play, we don't play that shit youknowhati'msayin?
(please mr. producer, explain yourself, mr. rapper, please calm down)
that nigga be on some bullshit, youknowhati'msayin?
we ain't, we don't do that shit, word, yeah
he ain't no real producer neither
and then come to find out youknowhati'msayin
my brother hipped me to it, the nigga tryin to rap now!
oh yeah, that's the shit that got me mad!
(please, mr. rapper, once again)
that's the shit that got me mad!
that's the shit, youknowhati'msayin?
(it's a family oriented show)
youknowhati'msayin? that's the shit that feds me up
(gentlemen, please)
word up, youknowhati'msayin?
(disregard the foul language)
i'm watchin this nigga video youknowhati'msayin?
they got mermaids swimmin in they living rooms and shit
like that youknowhati'msayin?
this nigga dancin in the rain with kids climbin up mountains and shit
youknowhati'msayin?
i'm i'm i'm watchin this nigga video
(i'm gonna have to ask you to refrain from the language)
the car goin two hundred miles an hour
where the fuck is he goin?!
(please mr. rapper, please refrain from the foul language)
the nigga climbin out the fuckin car!
(one more time)
let me see you try that shit on a train!
youknowhati'msayin? try that shit on a fuckin train
what kind of shit, youknowhati'msayin?
got a thousand niggas write for him, let me write for you
son my shit is jumpin, i got john blaze shit... 

don't be afraid to get old, man
you may learn some shit
you may know some shit
you may see some shit
haha
bitch showed me how it's old
i had to tell her

you could go to any hood, bet they know me
rose gold pinky ring; matchin' rollie
boy, you'se a little nigga; gary coleman
i be calling all the shots, i'm big homie
big homie, big homie, big homie, big homie
boy, you'se a little nigga; gary coleman
i be calling all the shots, i'm big homie

i'm winnin' for the new bitch, she was stunting
that pussy got a paper tag and it's a hundred
my bellman call me sir combs, i'm richard drummond
my rolls royce spray cologne, the fragrance money
it's bad boy records, bitch, you know i run it
ciroc amaretto coming, them bitches love it
i show up with my jewelry on and never doubt it
you show up with your jewelry on and leave without it
you could go to any hood, bet they know me
rose gold pinky ring; matchin' rollie
boy, you'se a little nigga; gary coleman
i be calling all the shots, i'm big homie
big homie, big homie, big homie, big homie
boy, you'se a little nigga; gary coleman
i be calling all the shots, i'm big homie

diddy go to any hood, big rollie
top down on any block, niggas know me
the only one that's topping forbes, i'm gettin' lonely
see us out here racing yachts like ''fuck the police''
bugatti swerving lane to lane, we getting money
once promoter say my name, fly bitches coming
these ratchet bitches love a nigga so cuff your chick in
more 80's than the 80's, nigga, i'm money mitchin
i'm money mitchin

you could go to any hood, bet they know me
rose gold pinky ring; matchin' rollie
boy, you'se a little nigga; gary coleman
i be calling all the shots, i'm big homie
big homie, big homie, big homie, big homie
boy, you'se a little nigga; gary coleman
i be calling all the shots, i'm big homie
my bitches get the christians, nigga, and giuseppe
my bitches get the birkin, nigga, they hold the weapons
my bitches get the range rovers, that's for affection
my bitches get the realest nigga, she's my reflection
i make my bitches traffic dope, that's my profession
she swallow dope and looking pregnant, time for c-section
they count your pockets where i'm from, hit block, they bless us
50 mill a meter drum, go get them stretchers
get them stretchers

you could go to any hood, bet they know me
rose gold pinky ring; matchin' rollie
boy, you'se a little nigga; gary coleman
i be calling all the shots, i'm big homie
big homie, big homie, big homie, big homie
boy, you'se a little nigga; gary coleman
i be calling all the shots, i'm big homie

big homie
big homie
big homie
big homie
(i'll be calling all the shots, i'm big homie)
hannn 

i hate funerals, i love life. i hate when i see a whole bunch of people just crying in a funeral on some fake shit. they ain’t really love a nigga while they was there. see i’m a different type of nigga, i wanna be honest with y'all. i need the love now, if y’all motherfuckers gonna be crying and playing thirty minute specials when i’m gone (an hour special that i’m gone) fuck that, love me while i’m here.  love me while i’m here, i had to tell a bitch

(i want the love) ‘cause all i see is haters
and this money got these niggas catchin’ favors and i tell ya
(i want the love) ‘cause all i know is getting money
knockin’ at the door, i’m like who is it? bitch i tell ya
(i want the love)

i’m a rich nigga, i don’t get mad, i just get paper (i don’t)
i don’t catch feelings, i catch flights, that’s brick paper (for what)
for one rider at bad boy, that’s one side
these killers with me don’t fuck around, they jump fast like off sides
i’m ‘bout to creep up on the billi, poppin' these bottles like willy
i know they gon’ hate when i’m here, but when it’s all over they feel me
if you gon' show love when i’m dead, you better off just tryna kill me
‘cause i’m gon' ball on niggas, and i ain’t talkin’ about you, i hate all ya’ll niggas, ugh!
ten birkins for your main ho, i could buy that
last week i made a hundred mill, you should try that
i’m a real nigga, they all see it, can’t hide that
i’ll touch down in your city, fuck shit up, nigga then fly back!

(i want the love) ‘cause all i see is haters
and this money got these niggas catchin’ favors and i tell ya
(i want the love) ‘cause all i know is getting money
knockin’ at the door, i’m like who is it? bitch i tell ya
(i want the love)
i wanted the money and wanted the love
wanted them bitches that wanted the drugs
they wanted the molly and wanted the weed
i walk in the building, get love in the club
love in the streets, bitch it’s meek milly
them niggas was haters, i love what they was
‘cause all of that hating was my motivation
now i got the paper, it was what it was
it is what it is, look at me now
living the life and i'm fucking these hoes
niggas that hate me still come to my shows
shawty ain’t ready to fuck up my rose, give a fuck if i go
straight to the money and back to the hood where they takin’ that money
we package the good and we break up that money
you act like you good, better save you some money (hater)

(i want the love) ‘cause all i see is haters
and this money got these niggas catchin’ favors and i tell ya
(i want the love) ‘cause all i know is getting money
knockin’ at the door, i’m like who is it? bitch i tell ya
(i want the love)

all the hoes gon' love me, (and all the suckers gon' hate too)
(been trill like bun b, can't name nothin' i ain't do)
we race to vegas on jets from miami, vegas went back
and i did liv in the same night, (woke up, lil' nigga, what's next?)
since more money, power, respect, (most these niggas probably in debt)
(back when michael jackson was moonwalkin', i was still cutting them checks)
and i still come through my set, shit, (and they ain't showing love yet? shit)
(it's mo' money, mo' problems, what my nigga big said best)
(i want the love) ‘cause all i see is haters
and this money got these niggas catchin’ favors and i tell ya
(i want the love) ‘cause all i know is getting money
knockin’ at the door, i’m like who is it? bitch i tell ya
(i want the love) 

all i want is somebody who's gonna love me for me
somebody i can love for them
all this money don't mean shit
if you ain't got nobody to share it with
love rules the world, you feel me

he don't understand you like i do
no he'll never make love to you like i do
so give it to me
cause i can show you 'bout a real love
and i can promise anything that i do
is just to satisfy you

when it hurt i ease the pain girl, caress your frame
get them worries off your brain girl, i'm in your corner
do what you want, it's your thing girl, i persist and try but
we one in the same girl, it ain't a game
so i can't play with you, i wanna lay with you
stay with you, pray with you, grow old and gray with you
in good and bad times, we'll always make it through
cause what we got is true, no matter what they say to you
i could straight lace you, not just appearance
stimulate your mind, strengthen your spirits
be that voice of reason when you ain't tryna hear it
you want it but you fear it, but you love it when you near it
sit her on the sofa, get a little closer
touch you right, do it like a man's suppose to
knew you was the one, that's why i chose you
cause you get down for yours and ride like a soldier

your soul ain't a toy, you ain't dealin' with a boy
feel emptiness inside? i can fill that void
when you spend time with your woman and listen
it shines more than any baguette diamond can glisten
i can't impress you with the cars and the wealth
cause any woman with will and drive can get it herself
i'd rather show you it's heartfelt, make your heart melt
and prove to you you're more important than anything else
worthwhile, special like my first child
when i see your face it's always like the first time
our eyes met, i knew we'd be together in a tri-jet
i wanna give you things that i didn't buy yet
hold you, mold you, don't know, let me show you
ain't no tellin' what we could grow to
let it be known, i told you
and i'mma be there for whatever you go through, my love's true


don't let him sing you a sad song (no baby)
waiting for love like this too long
(you don't have to wait, you don't have to wait on him, baby)
all that you need i can give you
(you don't have to wait, you don't have to wait on)
i do, satisfy you
(you don't have to wait on him)
i'm the light when you can't see
i'm that air when you can't breathe
i'm that feeling when you can't leave
some doubt, some believe, some lie, cheat, and deceive
so it's only you and me
when you weak, i'll make you strong, here's where you belong
i ain't perfect, but i promise i won't do you wrong
keep you away from harm, my love is protected
i'll wrap you in my arms so you'll never feel neglected
i'll just make you aware of what we have is rare
in the moment of despair, i'm the courage when you're scared
loyal, down for you, soon as i saw you
wanted to be there cause i could hold it down for you
be around for you, plant seeds in the soil
make love all night, bending bed coils
you're a queen, therefore i treat you royal
this is all for you, cause i simply adore you
 until fade

this one right here goes out to all my sisters 

 (mario)
i've seen a lot of things in my life
alot of ups and downs
made alot of mistakes
no matter what, you've always been by my side
you've always been my best friend
you're the love of my life (oh)
you're everything to me (oh)
you never left my side (you're my best friend)
i love you so much (yes, you are)
you're my best friend

since the beginning of time
all you did was bless men
too young to understand but now you my best friend
how could they doubt you, never think about you
don't they know nothing's possible without you
faith without fear that's how they raised me
words of man kill but never phase me
grateful for wisdom that you gave me
but still i'm like, dear god i wonder, could you save me?
too much sinning, gotta be more than plush living
gotta be more than grabbing nines to buck tin in
gotta be more than just to lust women
gotta be more than platinum rolexes, 600's and crushed linen
praise your name, i know some of them hate their due
judgment day, don't they know they can't escape your crew
i'm just trying to live right and pray you take me through
and with this song i dedicate to you, my lord
1 - 
lord, you mean the world to me
before i was born you chose me
you always hear me when i'm calling
even catch me when i'm falling
you're the closest one to me
i surrender all to thee
i want the whole wide world to see
that we've always been and we'll always be
best friends

sometimes i reminisce and wonder how i made it this far
because of you, i'm me, so you the real star
your hindsight, the time's right to get my mind tight
then give it to you and let it shine bright
my best friend, only know how to teach the truth
plant the seeds of life and let them eat the fruit
can't you see that he spread love for you
shed blood for you, cry for and die for you
willies with mac millies know how you get down
we know the drama you bring whenever you hit town
just remember when you pray, god is love
gracious, merciful, forgive even the hardest thugs
life as we know it, it all begins with him
life as we know it, it all ends with him
if i was you i would never try to pretend with him
he might spaz and blow it, i'm best friends with him
repeat 1

been two and a half years since my man big passed
been two and a half years since my world crashed
i needed help, god gave me the power
gave me the strength to go face to face with my darkest hour
looked me in the eyes and ask "what you doing unhappy?"
"don't you know why i'm here?" and started shooting at me
back to the wall, is my faith gonna play out
never wavered once, gave me no way out
your time to die, don't even stress the date
you're coming with me, your soul i'm next to take
i told him "i'm too much blessed with faith"
"and living for christ" and then he said "manifest the great"
all of a sudden, what i'm remembering
ground started to shake, everything trembling
the power of the truth was shooting through my timberlands
here was my lord jesus christ, my best friend again, come on
repeat 1 while:

you mean everything to me
you've been with me from day one
even when i thought nobody was there
you were there
you're my best friend
i love you like no other
there is no feeling like this in the world
if you can relate to what i'm feeling
put your hands in the air for me
let me see you
naw, matter of fact clap your hands for me
clap your hands, come on
thank you jesus
you always hear me when i'm calling
always catch me when i fall, yeah
i surrender all to thee
i want the whole world to see
that you've always been, you'll always be
my best friend
i love you jesus
thank you, forgive me for my trespasses
as i forgive those who trespass against me
thank you 

ten years
yo, the sun don't shine forever
but as long as it's here then we might as well shine together
better now than never, business before pleasure
p. diddy and the fam, who you know do it better?
yeah right, no matter what, we air tight
and when you hear something make sure you hear it right
don't make an ass outta yourself by assuming
my music keeps you moving, what are you proving?
you know that i'm two levels above you, baby
hug me, baby, i'ma make you love me, baby

it's ten years and we still running this motherfucker
yeah, as we proceed to give you what you need
it's all fucked up now
what the fuck y'all gonna do now?
yo, yo, we can't stay alive forever
so if shit hit the fan then we might as well die together
i'm high as ever, more hoes and more cheddar
g-unit move around with them pounds and berretas
yeah faggot, if i want it i'm gon' have it
regardless if it's handed to me or i gotta grab it
don't make a ass outta yourself tryna stop me
i'm cocky, rap's "rocky", nigga you sloppy
you know that i'm eight levels above you nigga
i'll plug you nigga, i never heard of you nigga, ugly nigga
i'm the wrong one to provoke
and rattin' on niggas is only gon' leave you smoked
so the only thing left now is toast for these cowards
i got no friends, fuck most of these cowards
they pop shit 'til we start approachin' these cowards
while we lay around dollars, they lay around flowers
in the commission, you ask for permission to hit 'em
he don't like me, hit him while wifey was with him
you heard of us, the murderous, most shady
been on the low lately, the feds hate me
the son of satan, they say my killing's too blatant
you hesitatin', i'm in your mama crib waitin'
duct tapin', your fam' destiny
lays in my hands, gat lays in my waist
francis, m to the iz-h phenomenal
gun rest under your vest by the abdominal
rhyme a few bars so i can buy a few cars
and i kick a few flows so i can pimp a few hoes
excellence is my presence, never tense
never hesitant, leave a nigga bent real quick
real sick, brawl nights, i perform like mike
anyone - tyson, jordan, jackson
action, pack guns, ridiculous
and i'm quick to bust, if my ends you touch
kids or girl you touch, in this world i clutch
two auto-matoes, used to call me fatso
now you call me castro, my rap flows
militant, y'all faggots ain't killin' shit
oops cristal keep spillin' shit, you overdid it holmes
you in the danger zone, you shouldn't be alone
hold hands and say it like me
the most shady, frankie baby, fantastic
graphic, tryin' to make dough, like "jurassic"
"park" did, quick to spark kids who start shit
see me, only me
the underboss of this holocaust
truly yours, frank white
we got the real live shit from front to back
to my niggas in the world, where the fuck you at?
where my niggas is at? where my niggas is at?
where the fuck my bitches at? where my bitches is at?

ayyo, it can't stay dark for long
they say its darkest before the dawn
calms before the storm
i'm happy mason betha's now preachin' the psalms
and i can see b.i. rockin' the sean john
yeah right, this is what "life's after's" like
b.i. frank white, your "bad boy for life"
no matter what the public say we gon' prove
it ain't another mc that could fill ya shoes
'cause biggie smalls is the illest
realest my stones the chillest, got homes and villas
overseas and what was me, i found out
other mc's been tryin' to find ya route
it's ill when mc's used to be on other shit
took home "life after death" and they studied it
listened to the double disc
now they all spit, like they all legit
frank tell how we did it, go
we got the shit mapped tight, brass knuckles and flashlights
the heaters in the two-seaters, with two miras
senoritas, kiss rings when you meet us
p. diddy run the city, show no pity
i'm the witty one, frank's the crook from the brook'
mad he broke the neck of your coke connect
no respect squeeze off 'til all y'all diminish
shootouts for twenty minutes, until we finish
venice took the loot, escaped in the coupe
break bread, with the 'kiss, peniro, sheek louch
black rob joined the mob, it ain't no replacin' him
niggas step up, with just macin' them
placin' them in fune-rals, criminals turned aroused
the brick city, nobody come off like p. diddy
business wise, i play men
hide money on the island cayman, y'all just betray men
we spray men, i position, competition
another day in the life of the commission
i got a industry gangstress that argues and steams the reefer
and flip when i call her bitch like she queen latifah
now all the vehicles is long enough to stash the streetsweeper
this shit gon' get uglier than the master p sneaker
i'm slidin' through the ruckers, with prada on the chuckers
so the spring break hoes, home from college wanna fuck us
i ain't here to drop knowledge on you suckers
i'll sick rottweiler's on you fuckers, cops followin' to cuff us
top dollars to discuss this, whole lotta zeros
when it comes to paper i blow the soul outta hero
i'ma break 'fore i lay on the floor buried
besides, every rapper ain't a star, and every plaid ain't burberry
you can't tame lloyd, i'm smokin' by the big screen
and changin' the channel looks like i'm playin' the game boy
i know the watch botherin' ya vision
but reach and i'll put a dot on ya head like it's part of ya religion
we got the real live shit from front to back
to my niggas in the world, where the fuck you at?
where my niggas is at? where my niggas is at?
where the fuck my bitches at? where my bitches is at?
we got the real live shit from front to back
to my people in the world, where the fuck you at?
where my niggas is at? where my niggas is at?
where the fuck my bitches at? where my bitches is at?
we got the real live shit from front to back
to my people in the world, where the fuck you at?
where my niggas is at? where my niggas is at?
where the fuck my bitches at? where my bitches is at?
we got the real live shit from front to back
to my people in the world, where the fuck you at?
where my niggas is at? where my niggas is at?
where the fuck my bitches at? where my bitches is at?

yeah
where you at?
where you at?
where you at?
where you at?
i told y'all, ten years from now we'll still be on top
we've just begun
thank you ... thank you
b.i.g. forever
bad boy baby
you know the rest

fuck y'all niggas wanna do? 

now... what y'all wanna do?
wanna be ballers? shot-callers? brawlers
who be dippin in the benz wit the spoilers
on the low from the jake in the taurus
tryin to get my hands on some grants like horace
yeah livin the raw deal, three course meals
spaghetti, fettucini, and veal
but still, everything's real in the field
and what you can't have now, leave in your will
but don't knock me for tryin to bury
seven zeros, over in rio de janeiro
ain't nobody's hero, but i wanna be heard
on your hot 9-7 everyday, that's my word
swimmin in women wit they own condominiums
five plus fives, who drive millenniums
it's all about the benjamins, what?
i get a fifty-pound bag of ooh for the mutts
five carats on my hands wit the cuts
in something european chromed out with a clutch, what

i wanna hold figures, fuck being a broke nigga
drinkin malt liquor, drivin a bro' vega
i'm wit mo' sippers, watched by gold diggers (uhh)
rockin bejor denims, wit gold zippers (c'mon)
lost your touch we kept ours, poppin cristals
freakin the three-quarter reptiles (ahahah)
enormous cream, forest green, benz jeep
for my team so while you sleep i'mma scheme (that's right)
we see through, that's why nobody never gon' believe you
you should do what we do, stack chips like hebrews
don't let the melody intrigue you (uh-uh)
'cause i leave you, i'm only here
for that green paper with the eagle
i'm strictly tryin to cop those, colossal-sized picassos
and have papi flip coke outside delgado's (whoo!)
mienda, with cash flowing like sosa
and a latin chick transporting in her chocha
stampedin over, pop mo's, never sober
lex and range rovers dealin weight by minnesota (uhh)
avoidin narc's wit camcorders and chevy novas (uh-huh)
stash in the buildin wit this chick named alona (uh-huh)
from daytona, when i was young i wants to bone her (uh-huh)
but now i only hit chicks that win beauty pageants (ahahaha)
trickin, they takin me skiing, at the aspens (c'mon)
uhh, gangsta mental, stay poppin cristal
pack a black pist-al in the ac' coupe that's dark brown (whoo!)
pinky-ringin, gondolas wit the man singin
italian music down the river wit your chick clingin
to my bizzalls, player you mad false
actin hard when you as pussy as rupaul 

future hendrix
like really yo, the millennium
diddy
woo
hey turn up, turn up
hey
what you got there?
huh? woo

money making mitch
money, money making mitch
money making mitch
money, money making mitch
drop top serving up the dope, blat blat
way back, this is the pay back
permanent laid back
niggas saying lay that
where in the xannies does it say that
money making mitch
money, money making mitch
money making mitch
money, money making mitch
drop top serving the dope when you raw
with your broad when you click clack way back
now i’m with the freeband, way back, hey man
nigga why the fuck would you say that?
i don’t flex on niggas
i don’t talk no shit
i just get these checks
and check my bitch
i’m a brick of that yay
feds peeping the spot
fiends outside
like them yeezy’s gon’ drop
yeah, she think i’m a mack
call me a pimp
told her act like she know
she ordered the shrimp
(i got some niggas uptown
they got some shit for that ass
don’t come on my block
without a visiting pass)
on the phone with my chick
she said “there’s work on your block”
keep chasing that pussy
get you murked on the spot
i don’t play no games
these niggas is hoes
keep my girl in chinchilla
drape my niggas in gold, i’m cold, nigga
money making mitch
money, money making mitch
money making mitch
money, money making mitch
drop top serving up the dope, blat blat
way back, this is the pay back
permanent laid back
niggas saying lay that
where in the xannies does it say that
money making mitch
money, money making mitch
money making mitch
money, money making mitch
drop top serving the dope when you raw
with your broad when you click clack way back
now i’m with the freeband, way back, hey man
nigga why the fuck would you say that?

ay yo, i’m a motherfuckin’ living legend
here’s a lesson, nigga, wake up
pick a hustle, flip it, stretch it
whip it, press it, ship it, check it
shit perfected, in my presence
just might cop your bitch a present
what you stressing?
(this my section, i run it
i’m ready for the winter when the summer come
real winner, breed niggas that wanna win
bitch, you fucking with a motherfucking 1 of 1)
i’m paid in full, trick, you got that calvin in your eyes
before i fall off, i’ll replace the ground with the sky
yeah, just like my daddy
bitch i should pull up and hop out the caddy
rock for the family
fuck being on the block, chopping them grams
see my oscars and grammy’s, yachts in miami
thrills to be rich, no life for a sucker
tell my story, life of a hustler, i’m cold, nigga
money making mitch
money, money making mitch
money making mitch
money, money making mitch
drop top serving up the dope, blat blat
way back, this is the pay back
permanent laid back
niggas saying lay that
where in the xannies does it say that
money making mitch
money, money making mitch
money making mitch
money, money making mitch
drop top serving the dope when you raw
with your broad when you click clack way back
now i’m with the freeband, way back, hey man
nigga why the fuck would you say that?

money making mitch
money, money making mitch
money making mitch
money, money making mitch
we be them d-boys standing in hallways
we been posted up around here all day
money making mitch
money, money making mitch
we had them leans in double cups
we have the ones you ain’t gonna double up
you know i’m gonna double up
trapping a habit you whip up a xannie
when i wear my watches i’m so undecided
i got it poppin' like whitney and bobby
they call me ace around here, nigga
the number one nigga around here, nigga
i put my city and my niggas on
they wish they could stop me my money long
they treated me just like i’m al capone
got my niggas they treat me like al capone
know when you paid in full
you go through the hood and you looking like millions
when they doubted me that’s when when i went hard
then i got my whole city on

money making mitch
money, money making mitch
money making mitch
money, money making mitch
drop top serving up the dope, blat blat
way back, this is the pay back
permanent laid back
niggas saying lay that
where in the xannies does it say that
money making mitch
money, money making mitch
money making mitch
money, money making mitch
drop top serving the dope when you raw
with your broad when you click clack way back
now i’m with the freeband, way back, hey man
nigga why the fuck would you say that? 

"then you get another chance tomorrow, i don't hustle like that. i hustle like this. there's not a second left. you know there's tomorrow, i'm hustlin' like there's only one more second left of this hustle."

don't bother me, i'm workin'
don't bother me, i'm workin'
don't bother me, i'm workin'
don't bother me, i'm workin'
don't, workin'

can't you see i'm on the phone
don't, don't be comin' over here with shit when i'm (workin')
call me mr. combs, and i'm nine digits strong
niggas hating on me but it's not (workin')
when i was 19, i walked in the house
and i told my momma she could stop (workin')
when you niggas used to beatbox on the block
big and d-rock, they was gettin' that (work in)
then i linked up with some niggas from my hood
who was know for puttin' that (work in)
and if your record ain't have it (like that, like that)
nah, then your song, then your song wasn't (workin')
ran into this young jawn, tell her come home
she asked for a check i said, "bitch is you (workin')
now everytime she call i don't even pick up
i just hit her with the text like
don't bother me, i'm workin'
don't bother me, i'm workin'
(yeah put your hands together)
don't bother me, i'm workin'
don't bother me, i'm workin'
(yeah, i ain't finished, i ain't finished)
don't, workin'

i do this shit for b.i.g
so if you don't like me fuck you and the building, you (workin')
if you see us in the club with cîroc by the tub
we ain't had fun, nigga we (workin')
in the dj booth like an independent group, like
"look, this a record, we (workin')"
play this shit a hundred times
if you don't we gon' be in here
every single night that you (workin')
shout out to my people with a job
i hope you don't fall asleep tomorrow when you (workin')
i was mackin' on this chick, my partner tapped me on the back
i turned around like "nigga can't you see me, (workin')"
she a waitress or a stripper
if it's past midnight and she tell you she's (workin')
and we hustle before we can play
so even on memorial day, my nigga
don't bother me, i'm workin'
don't bother me, i'm workin'
don't bother me, i'm workin'
don't bother me, i'm workin'
don't, don't bother me, i'm workin' (work)
don't bother me, i'm workin' (work)

"if you gon' get this money, you gon' have to get out and get it man. ain't nobody gon' give it shit, feel me? god sent me here to inspire you, you understand? ay i ain't about that motherfuckin' talk, i'm about that walk baby. i gets busy, we get this money over here." 

i'm the definition of half man, half drugs
ask the clubs - bad boy, that's whassup
after bucks, crush crews after us
no games, we ain't laughin much
nothin but big thangs, check the hitlist
how we twist shit, what changed but the name?
we still here, you rockin with the best
don't worry if i write rhymes - i write checks (hah!)
who's the boss? dudes is lost
don't think cause i'm iced out, i'mma cool off
who else but me? (who else? ) and if you don't feel me
that mean you can't touch me, it's ugly, trust me
get it right dawg, we ain't ever left
we just, moved in silence and repped to the death (yeah)
it's official, i survived what i been through
you all got drama, "the saga continues..."

we ain't, go-in nowhere, we ain't, goin nowhere
we can't be stopped now, cause this bad boy for life
we ain't, go-in nowhere, we ain't, goin nowhere
we can't be stopped now, cause this bad boy for life

hey yo straight from the harlem streets
i don't play, i push it down with the harlem heat (uh-huh)
all a sudden niggas got a problem wit me (black, what happened? )
they run around actin like the black-o can't eat
and you know what? (what? ) for some strange reason (uhh)
i'm off of this medication, feelin deranged needin
for y'all to put the word out (c'mon, c'mon) we ain't leavin
we tryin to be rich before we all stop breathin
therefore (what? ) we kinda hustle lames
stay layin down our muscle games (c'mon)
still turn niggas dreams to flames (yeah) you got the wire
if not i ain't sayin no names; you'll soon expire; (heh)
no pain (nothin) i feel remorse
yes of course it's me and diddy up first racin porsches
wit the big twin valve exhaust-es {*screeching*} (yeah)
on the cover of ya vibe's, xxl's and source's bitch (c'mon, let's go)

yeah, yeah, yo, yeah
it ain't shit changed, since the notorious (we miss you b.i.g.)
see everything still glorious (yeah)
we still got +warriors+, still be the +victorious+ (that's right)
see it's a lot of them, but it's more of us
still got cash to blow, raps to flow
still them cats that know, pack ya flow
that's fo' sho', bottles that pop, joints that rock
played the background, hand on my jock, holdin my glock (hahaha)
money to get (yeah), cars to flip (uhh)
bars to sit at and sip cognac wit jewels that drip (c'mon)
hoes to see (uhh), make sure they knowin it's me (they know it's you)
drop that beat, can't believe that i mc (haha)
bad boy 'til the casket drop (bad boy) gotta love it
place nuttin above it (nuttin) it's on like that (c'mon)
don't believe, we ain't goin like that
we're always gonna be here (yeah)
we there (uhh) every motherfuckin year!
2x

bad boy.. we ain't goin nowhere
uh-huh.. uh-huh.. what?
we ain't goin nowhere.. we gon' stay right here
for ever, and ever, and ever, and ever.. c'mon
we ain't goin nowhere.. we gon' stay right here
we ain't goin nowhere.. we gon' stay right here
yeah, uh-huh.. uh-huh, uh-huh
cause it's bad boy for life! 

yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah

hello, good morning (let's go, let's ride)
hello (yeah, come on), good morning
hello, good morning
know you been wai-
-tin for it
'cause i seen you watching
so let's go, let's get it poppin'

'cause i been leaning on the bar, looking cleaner than the tsar
and these broads won't give me my props
twenty-five on the bank, i be stunting on they ass
and ya mad cause the bitch won't stop
got your boyfriend feeling like a groupie
(you know, you know, you know, we on that)
still life but it's looking like a movie...
(you know, you know, you know, we on that)
and everybody know who the truth be
(you know, you know, you know, we on that)
i blow cause i'm blowing on that oo-wee!!
(you know, you know, you know, we on that)
hello
hello, good morning, how you doing? what the move is?
of "welcome to the future," i'm the cap'n of the cool kids
the revolution's never been televised
great booty, better thighs, i ain't wanna tell her bye
first i tell her hi, then i give her one and let her fly
never tell a lie, tonight you couldn't find a better guy
king shit, flyer than anyone you get seen with
gangsta distinguished, cool as a penguin
got a team of 'em on the field, finna bring wit'
g5 waiting, fly away at my convenience
you seen tip, checking in a 5-star suite
with some 5-star freaks, getting high all week (let's go)
catch me in the week, i was up all night when y'all sleep
in a fast car, superbad broads, back seat
that's me, see i'm nothing nice, fuck a couple nights
with the moon say goodbye and the sun greeting us like

hello, good morning (let's go, let's ride)
hello (yeah, come on), good morning
hello, good evenin'
you blow, you fiendin'
'cause you know that you really need it
and i'm the one that you wanna be with
but right now, baby you're dreaming
(wake up and turn the lights on)
'cause i been leaning on the bar, looking cleaner than the tsar
and these broads won't give me my props
twenty-five on the bank, i be stunting on they ass
and ya mad cause the bitch won't stop
got your boyfriend feeling like a groupie
(you know, you know, you know, we on that)
still life but it's looking like a movie...
(you know, you know, you know, we on that)
and everybody know who the truth be
(you know, you know, you know, we on that)
i blow cause i'm blowing on that oo-wee!!
(you know, you know, you know, we on that)
hello

hello (let's go), good morning (let's work)
hello (let's go), good morning (let's work)
hello

ayo, ayo, turn me up a lil' bit more
i don't think they can hear me
check this out, bad boy, bitch!
let's work, c'mon
let's work, non-stop, let's rock
make you feel good too, let's work
don't stop i see you, let's work
it's that dirty money
uh, how fly is he?
yo' baby momma cry for me like jodeci (let's go)
so how you not notice me?
pull up to the club in the coldest v
uh, literally cold
little did he know how that nigga diddy flow
how that nigga diddy go
so hard like a crowbar, still getting dough

whoa whoa, whoa... hahaha (turn the bass up!)
hey, i like this (come on, can you feel it?)
can you feel it? nothing can save ya
uh, it's that dirty money (turn the lights on!)

got your boyfriend feeling like a groupie
(you know, you know, you know, we on that)
still life but it's looking like a movie...
(you know, you know, you know, we on that)
and everybody know who the truth be
(you know, you know, you know, we on that)
i blow cause i'm blowing on that oo-wee!!
(you know, you know, you know, we on that)
hello

hello, good morning (let's go, let's ride)
hello (yeah, c'mon), good morning
hello
hello
hello
hello 

sabes bien que fue un engaño
lo que me hiciste fue un pecado
asi mismo me engañaste

honey i keep you hot and wet, just flooded with ice
and you can spend all day and chill, all night
come sleep with the king, peep what i bring
every few weeks it's a bigger size ring
carats ain't nothin' when the cabbage ain't nothin'
i got habits like goin' to paris i ain't frontin'
you can never need for nothin', only one pipe
would you like to go to dinner, wit jordan and his wife?
am i moving fast? it could happen real soon
thousand dollar shoes, dance in ballrooms
you know the dress, that got the party impressed
you'll only wear it one time, cause the world is mine
i try to address it, but you never get the message
you the water in my life and i'm trapped in the desert
i never seen a honey sweeter, won't stop
till i get her cause i need her, my señorita

mami ven aqui
i wanna be your papi chulo can't you see? (mi amor)
baby i need you conmigo
your style is my steelo te necesito aqui
(te necesito yo a ti, te amo)
baby come to me
baby come to me
her name is carmen, she live down in spanish harlem
and i think i have the key to her secret garden
when i seen her, i used to want to beg her pardon
but i was scared, i ain't really have the heart
and when she walked by, i would panic
even though i was cool with her pops lou, the mechanic
went to school with her brother, that's right
i never could build up the words to express how i loved her
long hair, pretty face, slim waist
the kind that you marry and take to another place 
and exchange vows, spend thous
make love in a hot tub, where there's a hot towel
she'll be loyal without being spoiled
you can shuck all you want but she's still gonna ignore you
makes no sense to say mira
cause bet she won't turn him around, she's my señorita

mami ven aqui
i wanna be your papi chulo can't you see? (mi amor)
baby i need you conmigo
your style is my steelo te necesito aqui
(te necesito yo a ti, te amo)
baby come to me
baby come to me
i rock regular clothes, as well as gucci too
and if you don't believe me, ask groovy loo
you're beautiful, so i stay true to you
i think you oughta see things like bermuda boo
no cooperation, got me walkin' around pacin'
patient, waitin' for my day of penetration
your relationships is bullshit, your man is a prick
with a little bit of bricks and a whip baby
please, i got plenty of v's
what you want the pink c-2, or the yellow 3-2-5
that's when i opened my eyes
i was dreamin', damn it was all a surprise
but it felt real, i hopped up in a wet chill
yet still gotta keep this one concealed
even though i never got a chance to meet her
i still need her, cause she's my señorita

mami ven aqui
i wanna be your papi chulo can't you see? (mi amor)
baby i need you conmigo
your style is my steelo te necesito aqui
(te necesito yo a ti, te amo)
baby come to me
baby come to me
sabes bien que fue un engaño
lo que me hiciste fue un pecado
asi mismo me engañaste

mami ven aqui
i wanna be your papi chulo can't you see? (mi amor)
baby i need you conmigo
your style is my steelo te necesito aqui
(te necesito yo a ti, te amo)
baby come to me
baby come to me

sabes bien que fue un engaño
lo que me hiciste fue un pecado
asi mismo me engañaste 

come to me, i can be, what you need, ooh baby
it's bad boy, bitch
do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
(it feels good to be back, i missed ya)
do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
relax your mind, let your conscious be free
and i roll with the sounds of the bbe
just do it, do it, do it, do it
do it, do it, do it, do it
(you know what time it is)
(report to the dance floor)
it's bad boy, bitch
(talk to 'em)

see you out the corner of my eye
leanin' on the wall lookin' fly
i want you to come be with me
you're the only one i wanna talk to, but i don't wanna rush

i'm here, when will you make your move?
i see you eyein' me, i want cha, why don't cha?
come to me, i can be, what you need, ooh baby
i'm standin', been waitin', i'm yearnin', ooh, i'm burnin'
come to know me, come and get to know me
come show me, that you wanna know me
you know what it is, i'm back in the building
security strapped, still stackin' a million
stunt with a stallion, somethin' italian
or maybe puerto rican, you can catch me in paris
i'm in it to win it, i'm willin' to carry
the game, if you think i'm not, look at the carats (look at me, man)
hop up clean up outta the phantom
the people go screamin' like an opera anthem (let's go)
i did it before, do it again (do it again)
i got it to blow, got it to spend (got it to spend)
fly as befo', cool as the wind
got hits go back like juice and gin, yeah
shine the best and diamond necklace (c'mon)
my extravagant taste, the style perplexes
they know i'm the shit, they wanna get next
that's why she havin' a fit cause she wanted to get next to him

(you know my name, you know my motherfucking name)
i'm here, when will you make your move? (i know your name)
i see you eyein' me, i want cha, why don't cha?
come to me, i can be, what you need, ooh baby
i'm standin', been waitin', i'm yearnin', ooh, i'm burnin'
come to know me, come and get to know me
come show me, that you wanna know me
anywhere i appear, they all stop and stare
admire your body language speakin' loud and clear like
(i want you to come be with me)
she be waitin' anticipatin' for oh so long
fantasizing wild thoughts of me comin' on like
(i'm here, when will you make your move?)
she diggin' my style, my swag, my suede, my swerve
my way with words, the boy's absurd for sure
you can't fall 'til my aura call her
i make miracles like i walk on water
what you want mama order, it's on my tab
i'm so bad with the cash, i dropped a whole bag
where you at, girl?

i'm here, when will you make your move?
i see you eyein' me, i want cha, why don't cha?
come to me, i can be, what you need, uh baby
i'm standin', been waitin', i'm yearnin', ooh i'm burnin'
come to know me, come and get to know me
come show me, that you wanna know me

i'm here, my love can't wait no longer
you were the one who stole my heart (you were the one)
can't you see the wait is over
(i knew it from the very start)
i need you to come closer
this feeling is getting strong
(oh, boy) you really got me hot
i see you eyein' me, i want cha, why don't cha?
come to me, i can be, what you need, uh baby (whatever you need)
i'm standin', been waitin', i'm yearnin', ooh i'm burnin'
come to know me, come and get to know me
come show me, that you wanna know me

do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
why don't cha come to me?
i can be, what you need uh baby
i'm here, you're here, let's make it happen
do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
(i like the way this one feel)
relax your mind, let your conscious be free
and i roll with the sounds of bbe
do it, do it
you know what this is
it's bad boy bitch
press play! 