("fuck all you hoes!" get a grip, motherfucker!)
yeah, this album is dedicated
to all the teachers that told me i'd never amount to nothin'
to all the people that lived above the buildings that i was hustlin' in front of
called the police on me when i was just tryin' to make some money to feed my daughter (it's all good)
and all the niggas in the struggle
you know what i'm sayin'? it's all good, baby baby

it was all a dream, i used to read word up! magazine
salt-n-pepa and heavy d up in the limousine
hangin' pictures on my wall
every saturday rap attack, mr. magic, marley marl
i let my tape rock 'til my tape popped
smokin' weed in bambú, sippin' on private stock
way back, when i had the red and black lumberjack
with the hat to match
remember rappin' duke? duh-ha, duh-ha
you never thought that hip-hop would take it this far
now i'm in the limelight 'cause i rhyme tight
time to get paid, blow up like the world trade
born sinner, the opposite of a winner
remember when i used to eat sardines for dinner
peace to ron g, brucie b, kid capri
funkmaster flex, lovebug starski
i'm blowin' up like you thought i would
call the crib, same number, same hood, it's all good
and if you don't know, now you know, nigga

you know very well (yeah)
who you are (money, hoes and clothes)
don't let 'em hold you down (bankrolls, yeah, haha)
reach for the stars (it's all good)
you had a goal (c'mon)
but not that many (it's all good)
'cause you're the only one
i'll give you good and plenty (check it)

i made the change from a common thief
to up close and personal with robin leach
and i'm far from cheap, i smoke skunk with my peeps all day
spread love, it's the brooklyn way
the moët and alizé keep me pissy, girls used to diss me
now they write letters 'cause they miss me
i never thought it could happen, this rapping stuff
i was too used to packing gats and stuff
now honeys play me close like butter play toast
from the mississippi down to the east coast
condos in queens, indo for weeks
sold out seats to hear biggie smalls speak
living life without fear
puttin' five karats in my baby girl ear
lunches, brunches, interviews by the pool
considered a fool 'cause i dropped out of high school
stereotypes of a black male misunderstood
and it's still all good
and if you don't know, now you know, nigga

you know very well (c'mon)
who you are (bankrolls)
don't let 'em hold you down (clothes)
reach for the stars (mansions)
you had a goal
but not that many (it's all good)
'cause you're the only one
i'll give you good and plenty ('94)

super nintendo, sega genesis
when i was dead broke, man, i couldn't picture this
50-inch screen, money-green leather sofa
got two rides, a limousine with a chauffeur
phone bill about two g's flat
no need to worry, my accountant handles that
and my whole crew is loungin'
celebrating every day, no more public housin'
thinkin' back on my one-room shack
now my mom pimps an ac' with minks on her back
and she loves to show me off of course
smiles every time my face is up in the source
we used to fuss when the landlord dissed us
no heat, wonder why christmas missed us
birthdays was the worst days
now we sip champagne when we thirsty
uh, damn right i like the life i live
'cause i went from negative to positive and it's all (it's all good, nigga)
and if you don't know, now you know, nigga

you know very well (money)
who you are (hoes and clothes)
don't let 'em hold you down (bankrolls)
and if you don't know, now you know, nigga
reach for the stars (that's right)
you had a goal (it's all good)
but not that many (all good)
'cause you're the only one (east coast, represent)
i'll give you good and plenty (c'mon)
and if you don't know, now you know, nigga

representin' b-town in the house (biggie smalls)
junior mafia, mad flavor (bad boy)
uh, uh, yeah, aight (i see you, cooch)

you know very well
who you are
don't let 'em hold you down
reach for the stars
you had a goal
but not that many
'cause you're the only one
i'll give you good and plenty

biggie smalls, it's all good, nigga
junior mafia, it's all good, nigga
bad boy, it's all good, nigga
it's all good
that's right, '94
and on and on, and on and on
you know very well
it's all good
who you are
yeah
don't let 'em hold you down
reach for the stars

uh, uh, check it out (yeah), uh
junior m.a.f.i.a., uh (he-he)
uh (i like this) yeah, yeah
nine-fo' (keep bangin')

to all the ladies in the place with style and grace
allow me to lace these lyrical douches in your bushes (uh)
who rock grooves and make moves with all the mamis?
the back of the club, sippin' moët is where you'll find me (what?)
the back of the club, mackin' hoes, my crew's behind me (uh)
mad question askin', blunt passin'
music blastin', but i just can't quit
because one of these honeys biggie got to creep with (that's right)
sleep with, keep the ep a secret, why not? (uh)
why blow up my spot 'cause we both got hot?
now check it: i got more mack than craig, and in the bed
believe me, sweetie, i got enough to feed the needy (come on)
no need to be greedy, i got mad friends with benzes
c-notes by the layers, true fuckin' players (uh)
jump in the rover and come over, tell your friends jump in the gs3
i got the chronic by the tree cuz (let's go)

i love it when you call me big poppa
throw your hands in the air if you's a true player
i love it when you call me big poppa
to the honeys gettin' money, playin' niggas like dummies
i love it when you call me big poppa
you got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place (why?)
'cause i see some ladies tonight that should be havin' my baby (uh), baby (uh)

straight up, honey, really i'm askin'
most of these niggas think they be mackin', but they be actin'
who they attractin' with that line (what?), "what's your name? what's your sign?"
soon as he buy that wine, i just creep up from behind (that's right)
and ask you what your interests are, who you be with
things that make you smile, what numbers to dial
you gon' be here for a while? i'm gon' go call my crew, you go call your crew
we can rendezvous at the bar around 2 (come on)
plans to leave, throw the keys to little cease (uh-huh)
pull the truck up front, and roll up the next blunt
so we can steam on the way to the telly, go fill my belly (g)
a t-bone steak, cheese eggs and welch's grape
conversate for a few, ‘cause in a few we gon' do
what we came to do, ain't that right, boo? (true)
forget the telly—we just go to the crib
and watch a movie in the jacuzzi, smoke ls while you do me

i love it when you call me big poppa
throw your hands in the air if you's a true player (come on, yeah)
i love it when you call me big poppa
to the honeys gettin' money, playin' niggas like dummies (uh)
i love it when you call me big poppa
you got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place (why?)
'cause i see some ladies tonight that should be havin' my baby, baby (uh)

(how you livin', biggie smalls?) in mansion and benzes
givin' ends to my friends, and it feels stupendous
tremendous cream: fuck a dollar and a dream (heh)
still tote gats, strapped with infrared beams (that's right) (what?)
choppin' os (uh-huh), smokin' la in optimos
money, hoes and clothes: all a nigga knows (all a nigga knows)
a foolish pleasure? whatever
i had to find the buried treasure (for what?), so grams i had to measure
however, livin' better now, coogi sweater now
drop top bms, i'm the man, girlfriend

yeah, honey, check it
tell your friends to get with my friends
and we can be friends
shit, we can do this every weekend (that's right), alright?
is that aight wit' you?
yeah, keep bangin'

i love it when you call me big poppa
throw your hands in the air if you's a true player
i love it when you call me big poppa
to the honeys gettin' money, playin' niggas like dummies (uh)
i love it when you call me big poppa
you got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place (why?)
'cause i see some ladies tonight that should be havin' my baby, baby (uh)

check it out
nine-fo' shit for that ass, uh
puff daddy, biggie smalls, junior m.a.f.i.a.
represent, baby, baby, uh

hello?
aw shit, nigga! the fuck time is it, man?
oh, god damn
nigga, do you know what time it is?
aw shit, what the fuck's goin' on?
you aight?
ah, nigga, what the fuck is wrong with you?

when i die, fuck it, i wanna go to hell
'cause i'm a piece of shit, it ain't hard to fuckin' tell (what you talkin' 'bout, man?)
it don't make sense, goin' to heaven with the goodie-goodies
dressed in white, i like black timbs and black hoodies (aw, man)
god'll probably have me on some real strict shit
no sleepin' all day, no gettin' my dick licked
hangin' with the goodie-goodies, loungin' in paradise
fuck that shit, i wanna tote guns and shoot dice (you talkin' some crazy shit now, nigga)
all my life i been considered as the worst
lyin' to my mother, even stealin' out her purse (ah)
crime after crime, from drugs to extortion
i know my mother wish she got a fuckin' abortion
she don't even love me like she did when i was younger (yo, get a hold of yourself, nigga)
suckin' on her chest just to stop my fuckin' hunger
i wonder; if i died, would tears come to her eyes?
forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies (you're buggin', b)
my baby mother's eight months, her little sister's two
who's to blame for both of them? (nah, nigga, not you)
i swear to god i want to just slit my wrists and end this bullshit
throw the magnum to my head, threaten to pull shit (nigga, what the fuck?)
and squeeze until the bed's completely red (it's too late for this shit, man)
i'm glad i'm dead, a worthless fuckin' buddha head
the stress is buildin' up, i can't— i can't believe (ayo, i'm on my way over there, man)
suicide's on my fuckin' mind, i wanna leave
i swear to god i feel like death is fuckin' callin' me
but nah, you wouldn't understand
nigga, talk to me please, man!
you see, it's kinda like the crack did to pookie in new jack
except when i cross over, there ain't no comin' back (ayo, ayo, man, i'm out)
should i die on the train track like ramo in beat street? (i'ma call you when i get in the car)
people at the funeral frontin' like they miss me (ayo, where your girl at, man?)
my baby mama kiss me, but she glad i'm gone (yo, put your girl on the phone, nigga!)
she know me and her sister had somethin' goin' on
i reach my peak, i can't speak (ayo, you listenin' to me, motherfucker?)
call my nigga chic, tell him that my will is weak (ayo, c'mon, nigga)
i'm sick of niggas lyin' (cut that), i'm sick of bitches hawkin' (ayo)
matter of fact, i'm sick of talkin' (nigga, yo, yo, big! ayo, chill!)
*gunshot*
ayo, big! ayo, big!

please hang up and try your call again
please hang up— is a recording

uh, uh, (uh, come on)

ha, sicker than your average, poppa twist cabbage off instinct
niggas don't think shit stink
pink gators, my detroit players
timbs for my hooligans in brooklyn (that's right)
dead right, if the head right, biggie there e'ry night
poppa been smooth since days of underoos
never lose, never choose to, bruise crews who
do somethin' to us, talk go through us (come on, do it)
girls walk to us, wanna do us, screw us
who us? yeah, poppa and puff (he, he)
close like starsky and hutch, stick the clutch
dare i squeeze three at your cherry m-3 (take that, take that, take that, ha ha!)
bang every mc easily, busily
recently niggas frontin', ain't sayin' nothin' (nothin')
so i just speak my piece, keep my peace (come on)
cubans with the jesus piece, with my peeps (thank you)
packin', askin', "who want it?", you got it, nigga, flaunt it
that brooklyn bullshit, we on it

biggie, biggie, biggie, can't you see?
sometimes your words just hypnotize me
and i just love your flashy ways
guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
biggie, biggie, biggie, can't you see? (uh-huh)
sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hypnotize)
and i just love your flashy ways (uh-huh)
guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (ha)

i put hoes in ny onto dkny (uh-huh)
miami, d.c. prefer versace (that's right)
all philly hoes go with moschino (come on)
every cutie with a booty bought a coogi
now who's the real dookie? meaning, who's really the shit?
them niggas ride dicks, frank white push the six
or the lexus, lx, four and a half
bulletproof glass, tints if i want some ass
gonna blast, squeeze first, ask questions last
that's how most of these so-called gangsters pass
at last, a nigga rappin' about blunts and broads
tits and bras, ménage à trois, sex in expensive cars
i'll still leave you on the pavement
condo paid for, no car payment (uh-uh)
at my arraignment, note for the plaintiff
"your daughter's tied up in a brooklyn basement"
face it, not guilty, that's how i stay filthy (not guilty)
richer than richie, 'til you niggas come and get me (come on)

biggie, biggie, biggie, can't you see?
sometimes your words just hypnotize me
and i just love your flashy ways
guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
biggie, biggie, biggie, can't you see? (uh-huh)
sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hypnotize)
and i just love your flashy ways (uh-huh)
guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

i can fill you with real millionaire shit (i can fill ya)
escargot, my car go one-sixty, swiftly (come on)
wreck it, buy a new one
your crew run-run-run, your crew run-run
i know you sick of this, name brand nigga with
flows, girls say he's sweet like licorice
so, get with this nigga, it's easy (uh-huh)
girlfriend, here's a pen, call me round ten
come through, have sex on rugs that's persian (that's right)
come up to your job, hit you while you workin'
for certain, poppa freakin', not speakin'
leave that ass leakin', like rapper demo
tell them ho take they clothes off slowly (slowly)
hit 'em with the force like obi (obi)
dick black like toby (toby)
watch me roam like romey (romey)
lucky they don't owe me
where the safe? show me, homie (say what, homie)

biggie, biggie, biggie, can't you see?
sometimes your words just hypnotize me
and i just love your flashy ways
guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
biggie, biggie, biggie, can't you see? (uh-huh)
sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hypnotize)
and i just love your flashy ways (uh-huh)
guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
biggie, biggie, biggie, can't you see?
sometimes your words just hypnotize me
and i just love your flashy ways
guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
biggie, biggie, biggie, can't you see?
sometimes your words just hypnotize me
and i just love your flashy ways
guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
biggie, biggie, biggie, can't you see? (uh-huh)
sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hypnotize)
and i just love your flashy ways (uh-huh)
guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
biggie, biggie, biggie, can't you see?
sometimes your words just hypnotize me
and i just love your flashy ways
guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9

it's the ten crack commandments, what?
nigga can't tell me nothing about this coke
can't tell me nothing about this crack, this weed, for my hustlin' niggas
niggas on the corner i ain't forget you niggas, my triple beam niggas

i've been in this game for years, it made me a animal
there's rules to this shit, i wrote me a manual
a step-by-step booklet for you to get
your game on track, not your wig pushed back
rule nombre uno: never let no one know
how much dough you hold 'cause you know
the cheddar breed jealousy 'specially
if that man fucked up, get yo' ass stuck up
number two: never let 'em know your next move
don't you know bad boys move in silence and violence?
take it from your highness (uh huh)
i done squeezed mad clips at these cats for they bricks and chips
number three: never trust nobody
your moms'll set that ass up, properly gassed up
hoodied and masked up, shit, for that fast buck
she be laying in the bushes to light that ass up
number 4: i know you heard this before
"never get high on your own supply"
number 5: never sell no crack where you rest at
i don't care if they want an ounce, tell 'em "bounce!"
number 6: that goddamn credit? dead it
you think a crackhead paying you back, shit, forget it!
7: this rule is so underrated
keep your family and business completely separated
money and blood don't mix like two dicks and no bitch
find yourself in serious shit
number 8: never keep no weight on you
them cats that squeeze your guns can hold jums too
number 9 shoulda been number 1 to me:
if you ain't gettin' bagged stay the fuck from police
if niggas think you snitchin' they ain't tryna listen
they be sittin' in your kitchen, waiting to start hittin'
number 10: a strong word called "consignment"
strictly for live men, not for freshmen
if you ain't got the clientele, say "hell no!"
'cause they gon' want they money rain, sleet, hail, snow
follow these rules you'll have mad bread to break up
if not, 24 years on the wake up
slug hit your temple, watch your frame shake up
caretaker did your makeup, when you passed
your girl fucked my man jake up
heard in three weeks she sniffed a whole half a cake up
heard she suck a good dick, and can hook a steak up
gotta go gotta go, more pies to bake up, word up (uh)

crack king, frank wiz-zhite

(1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8
1, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 3, 4, 4, 5
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9
10.......10)

and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (we gon' rock the party)
just bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (rock the party, party)
it's bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (better run and tell everybody)
just bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (everybody, everybody)
let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
get high, get high, get high, c'mon
let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon
(this a lake of fire right here)
it's bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (we gon' rock the party)
just bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (rock the party, party)
it's bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (better run and tell everybody)
just bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (everybody, everybody)
notorious thugs
nothin' but them thugstas, nothin' but them thugsta thugstas
notorious thugs
nothin' but them thugstas, nothin' but them thugsta thugstas

it's bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (we gon' rock the party)
just bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (rock the party, party)
it's bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (better run and tell everybody)
just bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (everybody, everybody)
let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
get high, get high, get high, c'mon
let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon

armed and dangerous
ain't too many can bang with us
straight up weed, no angel dust
label us notorious
thug-ass niggas that love to bust, it's strange to us
y'all niggas be scramblin', gamblin'
up in restaurants with mandolins and violins
we just sittin' here tryna win, try not to sin
high off weed and lots of gin
so much smoke, need oxygen
steadily countin' benjamins
nigga, you should too, if you knew
what this game'll do to you
been in this shit since '92
look at all the bullshit i been through
so-called beef with you-know-who
fucked a few females, fathered two
then i blew like nigga move like mike
shit, not to be fucked with
motherfucker better duck quick
'cause me and my dogs love to buck shit
fuck the luck shit, strictly aim
no aspirations to quit the game
spit yo game, talk yo shit
grab yo gat, call yo clique
squeeze yo' clip, hit the right one
pass that weed, i got to light one
all them niggas, i got to fight one
all them hoes, i got to like one
our situation is a tight one
what you gonna do: fight or run?
seems to me that you'll take b
bone and big, nigga, die slowly
i'ma tell you like a nigga told me
"cash rule everything around me"
shit, lyrically niggas can't see me
fuck it, buy the coke, cook the coke, cut it
know the bitch 'fore you caught yourself lovin' it
nigga with a benz fuckin' it
doesn't it seem odd to you?
big come through with mobs and crews
goodfellas down to the mo' thugs dudes
who's the killer: me or you?

we forgive you, for you know not what you do

7 a.m. woke in the morning
with hen' and caffeine and green and nicotine
no-doz so pop a couple of those
lil' ripsta, nigga mista clean, make it gleam
deep in my temple and not to get sentimentally steamed
with my instrumelody, and heated, especially for your team
and a .45 indeed will beam
in between the scenes, destroy your dreams
you willin' to die? we'll see
how many flee when i cause the scene?
we mean mug, mo' thugs, trained to be perfect disciples
when it's survival, tongue is a double-edged sword
triple six rivals spittin' fire
this the real truth, bitch, breakin' out for lies
my messiah's better be ready for armageddon, shit's expired
it's wild, bless the child, the one that became a man
put in positions off in the clair
all that i had to do was stare
test me now, contender; never no surrender, no pretend
pick up my pen in my hand
one of my trusted friend-friends
hey, open the last seal for real, we all suited
beg my pardon to martin: baby, we ain't marchin', we shootin'
in daily recruitin', there's a thug born everyday in the ghetto
we start 'em off little, we give 'em a bible
and a pen and a pad to hit the label—kick it, nigga!

nigga roll with bone up into the dank spot
to the dome with a shot of burb
never get tossed to the curb
be feelin' that urge to splurge
but i'm broke as fuck, sin, give me that mossberg swerve!
up into my bag 'cause i gotta get my mask and shells
to put in this 12 gauge sawed-off
get 'em hauled off, nigga, y'all loss
take it all off, got a nigga caught off
for the pump now leatherface, sin runnin' thuggin' and cuttin'
little mo hart want to pull it ain't nothin'
bitch if you steppin' we buckin' them guns that’s fucked up
now let me get done with the grime
gotta go purchase a dime
put in a state to get done with the crime
smokin' the reefer to ease my mind
swig some wine, step on the block with the rocks
but really we be servin' them dummies, see?
gotta buck him on down
if he come back talkin' like, "give me back me money!"
thuggin' with me killers
need us a liter of liquor but niggas ain't got shit
with a sawed-off pump, chrome .38 pistol
now who ready to get bent?
nigga like me fiendin' for them green leaves
but i ain't had no dough
gotta make some money
so i'm makin' my dummy rocks if i go broke

it's bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (we gon' rock the party)
just bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (rock the party, party)
it's bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (better run and tell everybody)
just bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (everybody, everybody)
let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
get high, get high, get high, c'mon
let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon

yeah, little lay, hey, comin' in the form of scripture
finna get ya and hit ya with magic
droppin' down lead but i call it my gadgets
with an automatic status, we spray
time to load the glocks, but i'm thinkin' not
there's another evil force tellin' me to do what i gotta do
so i up my pipe, a nigga dyin' tonight
and i'm always runnin' from the boys in blue
biggie, blue's on my ass
now i pull out the cellular phone to call bone, "what's happenin'?"
grab artillery, a nigga start packin'
'cause a motherfucker tried to get me in a jackin'
and i did him, hit him right between the eyes
the spot was wise; wanna test a nigga size, it'll cost him
nigga fuck around with the wrong shit
y'all get mo murdered all day, all day
we done paved the way and i'm on the run
i'ma call my boys and bring all the guns
y'all niggas wanna have a little fun with number one, one, one?
bloody red, red, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum
bloody red, red, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum
bloody red, red, rum

it's bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (we gon' rock the party)
just bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (rock the party, party)
it's bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (better run and tell everybody)
just bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (everybody, everybody)
let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
get high, get high, get high, c'mon
let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon
it's bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (we gon' rock the party)
just bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (rock the party, party)
it's bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (better run and tell everybody)
just bone and biggie, biggie
it's bone and biggie, biggie (everybody, everybody)
let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
get high, get high, get high, c'mon
let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon

as we proceed to give you what you need (uh)
9-5, motherfuckers
get live, motherfuckers
as we proceed to give you what you need
9-5, motherfuckers
get live, motherfuckers (now turn the mics up)
as we proceed to give you what you need (turn that mic up)
(yeah, that beat is knocking, i need that mic up, though)
(turn that shit the fuck up)
east coast, motherfuckers (uh, what?)
bad boy, motherfuckers (turn it up louder, yeah, uh)
as we proceed to give you what you need
j.m., motherfuckers
j.m., motherfuckers (uh)
9-5, motherfuckers (uh)

who shot ya? separate the weak from the obsolete
hard to creep them brooklyn streets
it's on, nigga, fuck all that bickerin' beef
i can hear sweat tricklin' down your cheek
your heartbeat sound like sasquatch feet
thunderin', shakin' the concrete
then the shit stop when i foil the plot
neighbors call the cops, said they heard mad shots
saw me in the drop, three and a quarter
slaughter, electrical tape around your daughter
old school, new school need to learn though
i burn, baby, burn, like "disco inferno"
burn slow like blunts with yayo
peel more skins than idaho potato
niggas know; the lyrical molesting is taking place
fucking with b.i.g., it ain't safe
i make your skin chafe, rashes on them asses
bumps and bruises, blunts and land cruisers
big poppa smash fools, bash fools
niggas mad because i know that cash rules
everything around me, two glock nines
any motherfucker whispering about mines (and i'm)
and i'm crooklyn's finest (crooklyn's finest)
you rewind this, bad boy's behind this (bad boy's behind this)

as we proceed to give you what you need (what?)
9-5, motherfuckers (what?)
get live, motherfuckers
as we proceed to give you what you need (what?)
east coast, motherfuckers
bad boy, motherfuckers
get high, motherfuckers
get high, motherfuckers (uh, uh)
smoke blunts, motherfuckers (uh)
get high, motherfuckers (9-5, uh)
ready to die, motherfuckers (uh)
9-5, motherfuckers (uh)

i seen the light excite all the freaks
stack mad chips, spread love with my peeps
niggas wanna creep, gotta watch my back
think the cognac and indo sack make me slack?
i switches all that, cocksucker, g's up
one false move, get swiss cheesed up
clip to tec, respect, i demand it
slip and break the 11th commandment
thou shalt not fuck with nor see poppa
feel a thousand deaths when i drop you
i feel for you, like chaka khan, i'm the don
pussy when i want, rolex on the arm
you'll die slow but calm
recognize my face so there won't be no mistake
so you know where to tell jake, lame nigga
brave nigga, turned front page nigga
puff daddy flips daily
i smoke the blunts he sips on the baileys
on the rocks, tote glocks at christenings
hammer cock, in the fire position and—

come here, come here (it ain't gotta be like that, b.i.g.)
open your fucking mouth, open your—
didn't i tell you don't fuck with me? (come on, man) huh?
didn't i tell you not to fuck with me? (come on, man) huh?
(come on, man) look at you now, huh? (come on, man)
can't talk with a gun in your mouth, huh?
bitch-ass nigga, what?
who shot you?

to give you what you need
9-5, motherfuckers
get live, motherfuckers
get high, motherfuckers (who shot ya?)
ready to die, motherfuckers, hah!
as we proceed (who shot ya?)
to give you what you need
9-5, motherfuckers
east coast, motherfucker (who shot ya?)
west coast, motherfuckers (uh)
west coast, motherfuckers, hah!
as we proceed to give you what you need
as we proceed to give you what you need (as we proceed to give you what you need)
get live, motherfuckers
get live, motherfuckers (get live, motherfuckers)
9-5, motherfuckers (9-5, motherfuckers)
get money, motherfuckers
as we proceed to give you what you need (as we proceed to give you what you need)
get live, motherfuckers (get live, motherfuckers)
9-5, motherfuckers
j.m., motherfuckers
j.m., motherfuckers
as we proceed
to give you what you need
9-5

now, who's hot, who not?
tell me who rock, who sell out in the stores?
you tell me who flopped, who copped the blue drop?
whose jewels got rocks?
who's mostly dolce down to the tube sock?
the same old pimp, mase
you know ain't nothing change but my limp
can't stop till i see my name on a blimp
guarantee a million sales, call it love or luck
you don't believe in harlem world, nigga, double up
we don't play around, it's a bet, lay it down
niggas didn't know me '91, bet they know me now
i'm the young harlem nigga with the goldie sound
can't no ph.d. niggas hold me down
cudda schooled me to the game, now i know my duty
stay humble, stay low, blow like hootie
true pimp niggas spend no dough on the booty
and then you yell, "there go mase!", there go your cutie

i don't know what they want from me
it's like the more money we come across
the more problems we see

i'm the d to the a to the d-d-y
know you'd rather see me die than to see me fly
i call all the shots, rip all the spots
rock all the rocks, cop all the drops
i know you thinking now, "when all the ballin' stops?"
nigga never home, gotta call me on the yacht
ten years from now we'll still be on top
yo, i thought i told you that we won't stop
now what you gon' do with a crew
that got money much longer than yours
and a team much stronger than yours?
violate me, this'll be your day, we don't play
mess around, be d.o.a., be on your way
‘cause it ain't enough time here
ain't enough lime here for you to shine here
deal with many women but treat dimes fair
and i'm bigger than the city lights down in times square
yea, yea, yea

i don't know what they want from me
it's like the more money we come across
the more problems we see
i don't know what they want from me
it's like the more money we come across
the more problems we see

b-i-g p-o-p-p-a
no info for the dea
federal agents mad ‘cause i'm flagrant
tap my cell and the phone in the basement
my team supreme, stay clean
triple beam lyrical dream, i be that
cat you see at all events bent
gats in holsters, girls on shoulders
playboy, i told ya, mere mics to me
bruise too much, i lose too much
step on stage, the girls boo too much
i guess it's ‘cause you run with lame dudes too much
me lose my touch? never that!
if i did, ain't no problem to get the gat
where the true players at? throw your rolies in the sky
wave 'em side to side and keep your hands high
while i give your girl the eye, player, please
lyrically, niggas see b.i.g be flossin’
jig on the cover of fortune, 5-double-o
here's my phone number, your man ain't got to know
i got the dough, got the flow down pizat
platinum plus like thizat
dangerous on trizacks, leave your ass flizat

i don't know what they want from me
it's like the more money we come across
the more problems we see
i don't know what they want from me
it's like the more money we come across
the more problems we see
i don't know what they want from me
it's like the more money we come across
the more problems we see

what's going on? (what's going on?)
somebody tell me (what's going on?)

i don't know what they want from me
it's like the more money we come across
the more problems we see
i don't know what they want from me
it's like the more money we come across
the more problems we see
i don't know what they want from me
it's like the more money we come across
the more problems we see

yeah, motherfuckers better know
huh, huh (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
lock your windows, close your doors
biggie smalls
huh, yeah
(i'm a bad, bad, bad)

my man inf left a tec and a nine at my crib
turned him self in, he had to do a bid
a one-to-three, he be home the end of '93
i'm ready to get this paper, g, you with me?
motherfuckin' right, my pockets lookin' kinda tight
and i'm stressed
yo, biggie let me get the vest
no need for that, just grab the fuckin' gat
the first pocket that's fat, the tec is to his back
word is bond, i'ma smoke him, yo, don't fake no moves (what?)
treat it like boxin', stick and move, stick and move
nigga, you ain't got to explain shit
i've been robbin' motherfuckers since the slave ships
with the same clip and the same four-five
two point blank, a motherfucker sure to die
that's my word, nigga even try to bogard
have his mother singin', "it's so hard"
yes, love, love your fuckin' attitude
because the nigga play pussy
that's the nigga that's gettin' screwed
and bruised up from the pistol whippin'
welts on the neck from the necklace strippin'
then i'm dippin' up the block and i'm robbin' bitches, too
up the herringbones and bamboos
i wouldn't give a fuck if you're tnangerp
give me the baby rings and the #1 mom pendant
i'm slammin' niggas like shaquille, shit is real
when it's time to eat a meal i rob and steal
'cause mom duke ain't givin' me shit
so for the bread and butter, i leave niggas in the gutter
huh, word to mother, i'm dangerous
crazier than a bag of fuckin' angel dust
when i bust my gat, motherfuckers take dirt naps
i'm all that and a dime sack, where the paper at?

when he's stickin' you and takin' all of your money

gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
(what's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
(what's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)

big up! big up! it's a stick up! stick up!
and i'm shootin' niggas quick if ya hiccup
don't let me fill my clip up in ya back and headpiece
the opposite of peace, sendin' mom duke a wreath
you're talkin' to the robbery expert
step into your wake with your blood on my shirt
don't be a jerk and get smoked over bein' resistant
'cause when i lick shots them shits is persistent
goodness gracious, the papers
where the cash at? where the stash at?
nigga, pass that
before you get your grave dug from the main thug
three fifty-seven slug
and my nigga biggie got a itchy one grip
one in the chamber, thirty-two in the clip
motherfuckers better strip, (yeah, nigga, peel!)
before you find out how blue steel feel
from the beretta, puttin' all the holes in ya sweater
the money-getter, motherfuckers don't know better
rolex watches and colorful swatches
i'm diggin' in pockets, motherfuckers can't stop it
man, niggas come through, i'm takin' high school rings too
bitches get ********* for their earrings and bangles
and when i rock her and drop her, i'm taking her door knockers
and if she's resistant: blakka, blakka, blakka
so go get your man, bitch, he can get robbed, too
tell him biggie took it, what the fuck he gonna do?
man i hope apologetic or i'm a have to set it
and if i set it, the cocksucker won't forget it

hey bitch, hey bitch, gimme your money bitch (when he's stickin' you and takin' all your money)

gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
(what's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
(what's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)

man listen, all this walkin' is hurtin' my feet
ooh, money looks sweet
where at? in the isuzu jeep
man, i throw him in the fiend you grab the fucking cream
and if he start to scream, bom-bom, have a nice dream
hold up, he got a fucking bitch in the car
fur coats and diamonds, she think she a superstar
ooh, biggie let me jack her, i'll kick her in the back
hit her with the gat
yo, chill, shorty, let me do that
just get the fucking car keys and cruise up the block
the bitch act shocked getting shot on the spot
oh shit, the cops
be cool, fool
they ain't gonna roll up, all they want is fucking doughnuts
so why the fuck he keep looking?
i guess to get his life tooken
i just came home, ain't trying to see central booking
oh shit, now he looking in my face
you better haul ass 'cause i ain't with no fucking chase
so lace up your boots, 'cause i'm about to shoot
a true motherfucker going out for the loot

take that motherfuckers

bad boy, baby
yeah, yeah
junior m.a.f.i.a., yeah
b.i.g. 2000, b.i.g. 2000 again
yeah

the weak or the strong
who got it going on?
you're dead wrong
the weak or the strong
who got it going on?
you're dead wrong

relax and take notes while i take tokes of the marijuana smoke
throw you in a choke—gunsmoke, gunsmoke
biggie smalls for mayor, the rap slayer
the hooker layer, motherfucker, say your prayers!
"hail mary, full of grace..." smack the bitch in the face
take her gucci bag and the north face off her back
jab her if she act funny with the money
oh, you got me mistaken, honey
i don't wanna rape ya, i just want the paper
the visa, capisce-ah? i'm out like the vapors
who's the one you call mr. macho?
the head honcho, swift fists like cu-macho
i got so much styles i should be down with the stylistics
"make up to break up," niggas need to wake up
smell the indonesia, beat you to a seizure
then fuck your moms, hit the skins to amnesia
she don't remember shit, just the two hits
her hittin' the floor and me hittin' the clit
sucking on the tits, had the hooker beggin' for the dick
and your moms ain't ugly, love, my dick got rock quick
i guess i was a combination of house of pain and bobby brown
i was humpin' around and jumpin' around
jacked her, then, i asked her, "who's her man?" she said, "b-i-g,"
then i bust in her e-y-e

yo big, you're dead wrong
the weak or the strong
who got it going on?
you're dead wrong
yo big, you're dead wrong
the weak or the strong
who got it going on? (junior mafia, bad boy)
you're dead wrong
the weak or the strong
who got it going on? (who got it going on?)
you're dead wrong
yo big, you're dead wrong
the weak or the strong
who got it going on? (who got it going on?)
you're dead wrong

when i get dusted i like to spread the blood like mustard
trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted
move over, lucifer, i'm more ruthless, uh
leave you toothless, you'll kibitz, i'll flip it
tears don't affect me, i hit 'em with the tec, gs
disrespect me, my potency is deadly
i'm shooting babies; no ifs, ands or maybes
hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
slit the wrist of little sis after she sucked the dick
i stabbed her brother with the ice pick
because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
but smalls don't get down like that
found your father hiding in a room, fucked him with the broom
slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
who you think you're dealing with?
anybody step into my path is fucking feeling it
hardcore, i got it sucked like a pussy
stab you 'til you're gushy, so please don't push me
i'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
the black demon got the little hookers screaming (woo!)
because you know i love it young, fresh and green
with no hair in between, know what i mean?

the weak or the strong, who got it going on? (you're dead wrong)
you're dead wrong yo big, you're dead wrong
the weak or the strong, who got it going on?
(this 2000, bad boy forever, baby) you're dead wrong
the weak or the strong, who got it going on? (who got it going on?)
you're dead wrong yo big, you're dead wrong
the weak or the strong who got it going on?
(ladies and gentlemen...) you're dead wrong

there's several different levels to devil worshiping
horses' heads, human sacrifices, cannibalism, candles and exorcism
animals, having sex with 'em, camels, mammals and rabbits
but i don't get into that, i kicked the habit
i just beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh
and i never eat you unless the fucking meat looks fresh
i got a lion in my pocket, i'm lyin', i got a .9 in my pocket
and baby, i'm just dyin' to cock him
he's ready for war, i'm ready for war
i got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw
my uzi's heavy as yours, yeah you met me before
i just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before
marshall will step in the door, i'll lay your head on the floor
with your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall
red on the ceiling, red on the floor, get a new whore
met on the second, wed on the third, then she's dead on the fourth
i'm dead wrong!

the weak or the strong
who got it going on? (you're dead wrong)
you're dead wrong
yo big, you're dead wrong
the weak or the strong
who got it going on? (junior mafia, bad boy)
you're dead wrong
the weak or the strong (uh-huh)
who got it going on? (born again, yeah)
you're dead wrong
yo big, you're dead wrong
the weak or the strong
who got it going on?
you're dead wrong (c'mon)
the weak or the strong
who got it going on?
you're dead wrong (c'mon)
yo big, you're dead wrong
the weak or the strong
who got it going on?
you're dead wrong (*repeat to fade*)

we won't stop, 'cause we can't stop

welcome back, we're here on bad boy television, and i'm trevin jones and i've been conversing with the mad rapper and quite frankly, he's very mad. we're gonna try to find out why, so we'll take some questions at this point from our studio audience. yes ma'am, please stand and state your name and where you're from
shay - hi, my name is shay, and i'm from new rochelle. and i just don't understand; why you so mad? like, what are you so mad about?
the mad rapper - yo, yo, yo-yo, y'know, yo you wanna know why? yo first of all, you can't be askin' me no question youknowhati'msayin'? who the fuck is you? (ahh, excuse me, mr. rapper, mr. rapper) youknowhati'msayin? you can't be askin' me no question (it's a family oriented show)
i'ma tell you why i'm mad, youknowhati'msayin? i'ma tell you why i'm mad, i'ma tell you why i'm mad. these niggas is makin' five hundred thousand dollar videos, youknowsayin? they drivin' around in hot cars, youknowsayin? they got bitches, they got all that shit (sir, please, please, refrain from your foul language). youknowhati'ms--? i'm still livin' with my moms, youknowhati'msayin? that's my word. youknowi'ms--?
i'm makin' records, i ain't made no money yet i done made, this is my fourth album yo, this my fourth album. i ain't made a dime yet. this nigga made one album, he makin' wild records. that "ready to die" shit, it was aight, it was aightyouknowi'msayin, that shit was aight, it was cool.  but my shit is j--more john blaze than that! i got john blaze shit and they not resp-ecognising, they not sayin, "i recognize" and fuck is that, who is you to be askin' me questions, youknowhati'msayin? who is you?

i gots to talk
i gotta tell what i feel
i gotta talk about my life as i see it

biggie
this goes out to you
this goes out to you, and you, and you, and you
this goes out to you
this goes out to you
this goes out to you, and you, and you

uhh, your reign on the top was short like leprechauns
as i crush so-called willies, thugs, and rapper-dons
get in that ass quick, fast like ramadan
it's that rap phenomenon don dada, fuck poppa
you got to call me francis m.h
white, intake light tokes, tote iron
was told in shootouts, stay low and keep firin'
keep extra clips for extra shit, who's next to
flip on that cat with that grip on rap?
the most shady, (tell em!) frankie baby
ain't no telling where
i may be, may see me in d.c
at howard homecoming with my man capone, dumbing
fucking something, you should know my steelo
went from ten gs for blow to thirty gs a show
to orgies with hoes i never seen before
so, jesus, get off the notorious'
penis before i squeeze and bust
if the beef between us, we can settle it with the chrome
and metal shit, i make it hot like a kettle get
you're delicate, you better get - who sent ya?
you still pedal shit, i got more rides than "great adventure"
biggie ("how are you gonna do it?")

kick in the door, waving the four-four
all you heard was poppa don't hit me no more
kick in the door, waving the four-four
all you heard was poppa don't hit me no more
kick in the door, waving the four-four
all you heard was poppa don't hit me no more (biggie)
kick in the door, waving the four-four (uh-huh)
all you heard was poppa don't hit me no more

on ya mark, get set, when i spark, ya wet
look how dark it get when you're marked for death
should i start your breath or should i let you die
in fear you start to cry, ask why, lyrically
i'm worshiped, don't front, the word sick
you cursed it, but rehearsed it
i drop unexpectedly like bird shit, you herbs get
stuck quickly for royalties and show money
don't forget the publishing, i punish 'em, i'm done with them
son, i'm surprised you run with them, i think they got
cum in them 'cause they nothing but dicks
trying to blow up like nitro and dynamite sticks
mad i smoke hydro, rock diamonds that's sick
got paid off my flow, rhyme with my own clique
take trips to cairo, laying with your bitch
i know you praying you was rich, fucking prick, when i see ya i'ma

kick in the door, waving the four-four (uh-huh)
all you heard was poppa don't hit me no more (uh, uh, uh)
kick in the door, waving the four-four
all you heard was poppa don't hit me no more
kick in the door, waving the four-four
all you heard was poppa don't hit me no more (biggie)
kick in the door, waving the four-four
all you heard was poppa don't hit me no more

this goes out for those that choose to use
disrespectful views on the king of n-y
fuck that, why try, throw bleach in your eye
now ya brailling it, snatch that light shit, i'm scaling it
conscious of ya nonsense, in '88
sold more powder than johnson and johnson
tote steel like bronson, vigilante
you wanna get on son, you need to ask me
ain't no other kings in this rap thing, they siblings
nothing but my children, one shot they disappearing
it's ill when mcs used to be on cruddy shit
took home ready to die, listened, studied shit
now they on some money shit, successful out the blue
they light weight, fragili, my nine milli
make the whites shake, that's why my money never funny
and you still recouping, stupid stupid stupid stupid...

all you hoes calling here for my daddy, get off his dick
like that, mommy?
*beep*
hi, daddy, how you doing? this is tyiest
i was thinking about you last night, mm
you actin' like you can't call me no more 'cause you busy and all of that
but you trying to tell me it wasn't good?
*beep*
that shit is real fucked up what you did
i hooked you up with my girl and shit
you fucked her every time you see her
you don't even say shit to her, you know what i'm saying?
and all that bitch do is call me all day talking about you
"why the fuck b.i.g. don't want me?"
*beep*
yo, b.i.g., this is quita
kenya told me she saw you and shanie at the mall and i know you ain't fucking her
you fucked with me last night
that's my best friend and we don't get down like that
*beep*
yeah, motherfucker, this is stephanie
i was waiting outside for your ass for like a fucking hour
i don't know what's going on, motherfuckers trying to rob me
you be disappearing and shit, i'm waiting in the cold
what the fuck is going on?
when you get in give me a fucking call, alright?

when it comes to sex, i'm similar to the thrilla in manila
honeys call me "bigga the condom filler"
whether it's stiff tongue or stiff dick
biggie squeeze it to make shit fit, now check this shit
i got the pack of rough riders in the back of the pathfinder
you know the epilogue by james todd smith
i get swift with the lyrical gift
hit you with a dick, make your kidney shift
here we go, here we go, but i'm not domino
i got the funk flow to make your drawers drop slow
so recognize the dick size in these karl kani jeans
i wear thirteens, know what i mean?
i'll fuck around and hit you with the hennessy dick
mess around and go blind, don't get to see shit (see shit)
the next batter, here to shatter your bladder
it doesn't matter, skinny or fat or light-skinned or black
baby, i drop these boricua mamis screaming ¡ay papi!
i love it when they call me big poppa
i only smoke blunts if they rolled proper
look, i gotcha caught up with the drunk flow
fuck tae kwon do, i tote a four-four
for niggas getting mad 'cause they bitch chose me
a big black motherfucker with g, you see
all i do is separate the game from the truth
big bang boots from the bronx to bolivia
getting physical like olivia newt
tricks suck my clique dick all day with no trivia
so give me a ho, a bankroll and a bag of weed
i'm guaranteed to fuck her 'til her nose bleed
even if your new man's a certified mack
you'll get that h-town in ya, you want that old thing back

oh, biggie, give me one more chance
i got that good dick, girl, you didn't know?
oh, biggie, give me one more chance
i got that good dick, girl, you didn't know?
oh, biggie, give me one more chance
i got that good dick, girl, you didn't know?
oh, biggie, give me one more chance

is my mind playing tricks, like scarface and bushwick
willie d, having nightmares of girls killing me?
she mad because what we had didn't last
i'm glad because her cousin let me hit the ass
fuck the past, let's dwell on the 500sl, the e&j and ginger ale
the way my pockets swell to the rims with benjamins
another honey's in the crib? please, send her in
i fuck non-stop, lick my lips a lot
used to lick the clits a lot, but licking clits had to stop
'cause y'all don't know how to act when the tongue go down below
peep the funk flow
really, though, i got the cleanest, meanest penis
you never seen this stroke of genius
so take off your timb boots and your body suit
i mean the spandex and hit my man next
sex get rougher when it come to the nut buster
pussy crusher, black nasty motherfucker
i don't chase 'em, i replace 'em
and if i'm caressing 'em i'm undressing 'em
fuck what you heard, who's the best in new york?
fulfilling fantasies without that nigga mr. roarke
or tattoo, i got you wrapped around my dick
and when i nut i got to split
shit, backshots is my position
i got you wishing for an intermission, fuck the kissin'
lickin' you down to your belly button, i ain't frontin'
they don't call me big for nuttin' all of a sudden

oh, biggie, give me one more chance
oh, biggie, give me one more chance
oh, biggie, give me one more chance
oh, biggie, give me one more chance

who the fuck is this, pagin' me at 5:46 in the morning?
crack of dawn and now i'm yawnin'
wipe the cold out my eye
see who's this pagin' me and why
it's my nigga, pop from the barbershop
told me he was in the gambling spot and heard the intricate plot
of niggas wanna stick me like flypaper, neighbor
slow down, love, please chill, drop the caper
remember them niggas from the hill up in brownsville
that you rolled dice with, smoked blunts and got nice with?
yeah, my nigga fame up in prospect
nah, them my niggas, nah, love, wouldn't disrespect
i didn't say them
they schooled me to some niggas that you knew from back when
when you was clockin' minor figures
now they heard you're blowin' up like nitro
and they wanna stick the knife through your windpipe slow
so, thank fame for warnin' me, 'cause now i'm warnin' you
i got the mac, nigga, tell me what you gonna do

damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper

they heard about the rolexes and the lexus
with the texas license plates out of state
they heard about the pounds you got down in georgetown
and they heard you got half of virginia locked down
they even heard about the crib
you bought your moms out in florida, the fifth corridor
call the coroner!
there's gonna be a lot of slow singin' and flower-bringin'
if my burglar alarm starts ringin'
what ya think all the guns is for?
all-purpose war, got the rottweilers by the door
and i feed 'em gunpowder so they can devour
the criminals tryin' to drop my decimals
damn, niggas wanna stick me for my cream
and it ain't a dream, things ain't always what it seem
it's the ones that smoke blunts with ya, see your picture
now they wanna grab they guns and come and get ya
bet ya biggie won't slip
i got the calico with the black talons loaded in the clip
so i can rip through the ligaments
put the fuckers in a bad predicament
where all the foul niggas went
touch my cheddar, feel my beretta
buck what i'ma hit you with, you motherfuckers better duck
i bring pain, bloodstains on what remains
of his jacket, he had a gun, he shoulda packed it
cocked it, extra clips in my pocket
so i can reload and explode on your asshole
i fuck around and get hardcore
c-4 to your door, no beef no more, nigga
feel the rough, scandalous
the more weed smoke i puff, the more dangerous
i don't give a fuck about you or your weak crew
what you gonna do when big poppa come for you?
i'm not runnin', nigga, i bust my gun and
hold on, i hear somebody comin'

c'mon, motherfucker
man, i'm comin' as fast as i can
just g— bring your motherfuckin' ass on, come on
are we gettin' close, huh?
it's right over here
you sure it's biggie smalls crib, man?
yeah, i'm sure, motherfucker, come on
man, fuck, this better be his motherfuckin' house
fuck, right here
tsk, this better be this motherfucker's house
oh shit
what? what's wrong?
what's that red dot on your head, man?
what red dot?
oh shit! you got a red dot on your head, too
oh shit!

i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)
i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)

i know how it feel to wake up fucked up
pockets broke as hell, another rock to sell
people look at you like you's the user
sellin' drugs to all the losers, mad buddha abuser
but they don't know about your stress-filled day
baby on the way, mad bills to pay
that's why you drink tanqueray, so you can reminisce
and wish you wasn't livin' so devilish, shit
i remember i was just like you
smokin' blunts with my crew, flippin' over 62's
'cause g-e-d wasn't b-i-g
i got p-a-i-d, that's why my moms hate me
she was forced to kick me out, no doubt
then i figured out nicks went for 20s down south
packed up my tools for my raw power move
glock 19 for casket and flower moves
for chumps tryin' to stop my flow
and what they don't know will show on the autopsy
went to see papi to cop me a brick
asked for some consignment, he wasn't tryin' to hear it
smokin' mad newports 'cause i'm due in court
for an assault that i caught in bridgeport, new york
catch me if you can like the gingerbread man
you better have your gat in hand, 'cause man

i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)
i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)

i had the master plan, i'm in the caravan on my way to maryland
with my man two-tecs to take over this projects
they call him two-tecs, he tote two tecs
and when he start to bust, he like to ask, "who's next?"
i got my honey on the amtrak with the crack
in the crack of her ass, two pounds of hash in the stash
i wait for hon to make some quick cash
i told her she could be lieutenant, bitch got gassed
at last, i'm literally loungin', black
sittin' back, countin' double digit thousand stacks
had to re-up, see what's up with my peeps
toyota deal-athon had it cheap on the jeeps
see who got smoked, what rumors was spread
last i heard i was dead, with six to the head
then i got the phone call, it couldn't hit me harder
we got infiltrated, like nino at the carter
heard tec got murdered in a town i never heard of
by some bitch named alberta over nickel-plated burners
and my bitch swear to god she won't snitch
i told her when she hit the bricks i'll make the hooker rich
conspiracy, she'll be home in three
until then i looks out for the whole family
a true g, that's me, blowin' like a bubble
in the everyday struggle

i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)
i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)

i'm seein' body after body and our mayor giuliani
ain't tryin' to see no black man turn to john gotti
my daughter use a potty so she's older now
educated street knowledge, i'ma mold her now
trick a little dough buyin' young girls fringes
dealin' with the dope fiend binges, seein' syringes
in the veins, hard to explain how i maintain
the crack smoke make my brain feel so strange
breakin' days on the set, no sweat
drunk off moët, can't bag yet because it's still wet
but when that dry, baggin' five at a time
i can clock about nine on the check cashin' line
i had the first and the third, rehearse, that's my word
thick in the game, d's knew my first name
should i quit? shit no, even though they had me scared
yo, they got a eight, i got a tec with air holes

and that's just how the shit go in the struggle, motherfucker
hah, come on, what you say?

i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)
i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)
i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)
i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)

junior m.a.f.i.a. right
yeah, rock on, woo!
biggie smalls, right
junior m.a.f.i.a

baby, look at me, mama love you
and i know you ain't no little boy no more
but you'll always be my baby
it seems like only yesterday i was holding you in my arms
now look at you now big, but i worry about you
i worry about you all the time, hangin' out on the corner
all times at night with the cruel people
baby, that ain't nothin' but trouble
i always taught you that you could have whatever you dream
well, i want you to hold on to that dream, baby
hold on to it real tight, ‘cause the sky's the limit

good evening, ladies and gentlemen
how's everybody doing tonight?
i'd like to welcome to the stage
the lyrically acclaimed
i like this young man, because when he came out
he came out with the phrase
he went from ashy to classy – i like that
so everybody in the house
give a warm round of applause for the notorious b.i.g
the notorious b.i.g
ladies and gentlemen, give it up for him y'all!

uh, a nigga never been as broke as me, i like that
when i was young, i had two pair of lees, besides that
the pin stripes and the gray
the one i wore on mondays and wednesdays
while niggas flirt, i'm sewing tigers on my shirts, and alligators
you want to see the inside? i see you later
here comes the drama, oh
that's that nigga with the fake, blaow
why you punch me in my face? stay in your place
play your position, here come my intuition
go in this nigga pocket, rob him while his friends watchin'
and hoes clockin', here comes respect
his crew's your crew or they might be next
look at their man eye, big man, they never try
so we rolled with them, stole with them
i mean loyalty, niggas bought me milks at lunch
the milks was chocolate, the cookies, butter crunch
'88 oshkosh and blue and white dunks, pass the blunts

sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
just keep on pressing on
sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want
sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
just keep on pressing on
sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want
have what you want, be what you want

i was ashamed, my crew was lame
i had enough heart for most of them
long as i got stuff from most of them
it's on, even when i was wrong, i got my point across
they depicted me the boss, of course
my orange box-cutter make the world go round
plus i'm fucking, bitches ain't my homegirls now
start stacking, dabbled in crack, gun packing
nickname medina make the seniors tote my ninas
from gym class to inglés pass off a global
the only nigga with a mobile, can't you see like total
getting larger in waists and tastes
ain't no telling where this felon is headin', just in case
keep a shell at the tip of your melon, clear the space
your brain was a terrible thing to waste
'88 on gates, snatch initial name plates
smokin' spliffs with niggas, real-life beginner killers
praying god forgive us for being sinners, help us out

sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
just keep on pressing on
sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want
sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
just keep on pressing on
sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want
have what you want, be what you want

after realizin', to master enterprisin'
i ain't have to be in school by ten
i then began to encounter with my counterparts
on how to burn the block apart
break it down into sections, drugs by the selections
some use pipes, others use injections
syringe sold separately, frank the deputy
quick to grab my smith & wesson like my dick was missing
to protect my position, my corner, my lair
while we out here, say the hustlers prayer:
"if the game shakes me or breaks me
i hope it makes me a better man, take a better stand"
put money in my mom's hand
get my daughter this college plan so she don't need no man
stay far from timid, only make moves when your heart's in it
and live the phrase "sky's the limit"
motherfuckers, see you chumps on top

sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
just keep on pressing on
sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want
sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
just keep on pressing on
sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want
have what you want, be what you want
sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
just keep on pressing on
sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want
sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
just keep on pressing on
sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want
sky is the limit and you know that you keep on

yo let— let— let me ask you a question, yo
yo, would you kill for me?
hmm, yeah
uh, the act of making love— (haa)
what took you so long to answer motherfucker?
i don't know
the fuck wrong with you, bitch?

when i met you, i admit, my first thoughts was to trick
you look so good, huh, i suck on your daddy's dick
i never felt that way in my life
it didn't take long before i made you my wife
got no rings and shit, just my main squeeze
comin' to the crib, even had a set a keys
during the days you helped me bag up my nickels
in the process, i admit, i tricked a little
but you was my bitch, the one who'd never snitch
love me when i'm broke or when i'm filthy fuckin' rich
and i admit, when the time is right, the wine is right
i treat you right, you talk slick, i beat you right

just me and my bitch, me and my bitch
(but you know you love that ass, don't you?)
just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch
(yeah, no question, no question)
just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch, yeah
(yo, let me ask you another question)
just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
(what?)
just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch, yeah
(you been fuckin' 'round on me?)
just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch
(why would i do that?)
just me and my bitch, me and my bitch, yeah
(yo, don't lie to me, motherfucker)
just me and my bitch

moonlight strolls with the hoes, oh, no, that's not my steelo
i wanna bitch that like to play ceelo and craps
packin' gats in a coach bag, steamin' dime bags
a real bitch is all i want, all i ever had
with a bop just as strong as me
totin' guns just as long as me, the bitch belongs with me
any plans with another bitch, my bitch'll spoil it
one day, she used my toothbrush to clean the toilet
throwin' my clothes out the windows, so when the wind blows
i see my polos and timbos
hide my car keys so i can't leave
a real slick bitch, keep a trick up her sleeve
and if i deceive, she won't take it lightly
she'll invite me, politely, to fight, g
and then we lie together, cry together
i swear to god i hope we fuckin' die together

just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
(nigga, nigga, if i ever)
just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch
(catch your ass fuckin' around)
just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
(i'll cut your motherfuckin' dick off)
just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch
(haha)
just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
(stop playin')
just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch
(i ain't pl— ain't— ain't no jokes, ain't no jokes)
just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
(ain't no jokes)
just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch
(yo, don— don't play with my dick)

she helped me plan out my robberies on my enemies
didn't hesitate to squeeze to get my life out of danger
one day, she put 911 on the pager
had to call back, whether it's minor or major
no response, the phone just rung
grab my vest, grab my gun, to find out the problem
when i pulled up, police was on the scene
had to make the u-turn, make sure my shit was clean
drove down the block, stashed the burner in the bushes
stepped to police with the shoves and the pushes
it didn't take long before the tears start
i saw my bitch dead with the gunshot to the heart
and i know it was meant for me
i guess the niggas felt they had to kill the closest one to me
and when i find 'em your life is to an end
they killed my best friend, me and my bitch

just me and my bitch, me and my bitch, yeah
just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch, uh
just me and my bitch, me and my bitch, yeah
just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch, uh
just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch
just me and my bitch, me and my bitch, yeah
just me and my bitch

let's get started then
so when did you first start rappin'?
um, i was like about 18 years old. yeah, about 18
so how did you first get started? who influenced you?
ain't nobody really influenced me, you know what i'm saying?
i was just tired of being on the streets, you know what i'm saying? had to get up off that, you know
i see. so where you from?
brooklyn

i used to get feels on a bitch
now i throw shields on the dick to stop me from that hiv shit
and niggas know they soft like a twinkie filling
playing the villain, prepare for this rap killing
biggie smalls is the illest, your style is played out
like arnold on that, "what you talking 'bout, willis?"
the thrill is gone, the black frank white
is here to excite and throw dick to dykes
bitches i like 'em brainless, guns i like 'em stainless steel
i want the fucking fortune like the wheel
i squeeze gats 'til my clips is empty
don't tempt me, you don't want to fuck with the m-e...

...t-h-o-d man, here i am
i'll be damned if this ain't some shit
come to spread the butter lyrics over hominy grit
it's the low killer death trap, yes i'm a jet-black ninja
coming where you rest at, surrender
step inside the ring, you's the number one contender
looking cold-booty like your pussy in december
nigga, stop bitching, button up your lip and
from method all you getting is a can of ass-whipping
hey, i'll be kicking you son, you doing all the yapping
acting as if it can't happen
your frontin' got me mad enough to touch something
yo, i'm from shaolin island and ain't afraid to bust something
so what you want nigga? you won't nigga
i got a 6-shooter and a horse named trigger
it's real, '94 rugged-raw
kickin' down your goddamn door
and it goes a little something like this

fuck the world, don't ask me for shit
everything you get you gotta work hard for it
(honeys shake your hips) you don't stop
(and niggas pack the clips) keep on, bitch

verse two, coming with that olde e brew
meth-tical, putting niggas back in icu
i'm lifted, troop, you can bring your wack-ass crew
i got connections, i'll get that ass stuck like glue
huh, no question, i be coming down and shit
yo i gets rugged as a motherfucking carpet get
and niggas love it, not in the physical form but in the mental
i spark and they cells get warm
i'm not a gentleman, i'm a method man
baby accept it, utmost respect it, and
(assume the position) stop look and listen
i spit on your grave then i grab my charles dickens, bitch

welcome to my center, honeys feel it deep in they placenta
cold as the pole in the winter
far from the inventor, but i got this rap shit sewed
and when my mac unloads
i'm guaranteed another video
ready to die, why i act that way?
pop duke left mom duke, the faggot took the back way
so instead of making hoes suck my dick up
i used to do stick-ups, 'cause hoes is irritating like the hiccups
excuse me, flows just grow through me
like trees to branches, cliffs to avalanches
it's the praying mantis, deep like the mind of farrakhan
a motherfucking rap phenomenon, plus
(i got more glocks and tecs than you)
i make it hot, (niggas won't even stand next to you)
nigga touch me you better bust me three times in the head
or motherfucker's dead, you thought so

fuck the world, don't ask me for shit
and everything you get you gotta work hard for it
(honeys shake your hips) you don't stop
(and niggas pack the clips) keep on, bitch
fuck the world, don't ask me for shit
everything you get you gotta work hard for it
(honeys shake your hips) you don't stop
(and niggas pack the clips) keep on, bitch

junior m.a.f.i.a. clique in full effect (yeah, what the fuck you want, nigga?)
ah, yeah, hell yeah (biggie smalls and meth-tical)
bedford–stuyvesant the livest one (9-4 coming at you raw)
my borough is thorough (shaolin island, yeah)
recognize (yeah)

i was a terror since the public school era
bathroom passes, cutting classes, squeezing asses
smoking blunts was a daily routine
since 13, a chubby nigga on the scene
i used to have the trey-deuce
and the deuce-deuce in my bubblegoose
now i got the mac in my knapsack
lounging black, smoking sacks up in ac's and sidekicks
with my sidekicks rocking fly kicks
honeys want to chat
but all we wanna know is where the party at
and can i bring my gat?
if not, i hope i don't get shot
better throw my vest on my chest, 'cause niggas is a mess
it don't take nothing but fronting for me to start something
bugging and bucking at niggas like i was duck hunting
dumbing out, just me and my crew
'cause all we wanna do is

and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit

hugs from the honeys, pounds from the roughnecks
seen my man sage that i knew from the projects
said he had beef, asked me if i had my piece
sure do, two .22s in my shoes
holler if you need me, love, i'm in the house
roam and stroll, see what the honeys is about
moet popping, ho hopping
ain't no stopping big poppa
i'm a bad boy
niggas wanna front, who got your back? (biggie!)
niggas wanna flex, who got the gat? (biggie!)
it ain't hard to tell i'm the east coast overdose
nigga you scared you're supposed to
nigga, i toast ya, put fear in your heart
fuck up the party before it even start
pissy drunk, off the henny and skunk
on some brand nubian shit beating down punks

and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit

bitches in the back looking righteous
in a tight dress, i think i might just
hit her with a little biggie 101, how to tote a gun
and have fun with jamaican rum
conversation, blunts in rotation
my man big jock got the glock in his waist and
we're smoking, drinking, got the hooker thinking
if money smell bad, then this nigga biggie stinking
is it my charm? i got the hookers eating out my palm
she grabbed my arm and said "let's leave calm"
i'm hitting skins again
rolled up another blunt, bought a heineken
niggas start to loc out, a kid got choked out
blows was thrown and a fucking fight broke out
(music stops
indecipherable sounds of people yelling and arguing
biggie breaks it up yelling "yo, chill, man, chill!")
can't we just all get along?
so i can put hickies on her chest like little shawn
get her pissy drunk off of dom pérignon
and it's on, and i'm gone
that's that...

and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit
and party and bullshit

junior m.a.f.i.a. like to...
uptown likes to...
bad boy likes to...
brooklyn crew likes to...
3rd eye likes to...
mo bee likes to...
we like to...

the commission:
uncle paulie
p. diddy
cease-a-leo degennaro (yeahhh)
charli baltimore, iceberg slim
the most shady, frankie baby
we here (do you know what beef is?)
we ain't goin' nowhere (do you know what beef is?)
uh-uh (ask yourself, do you know what beef is?)
uh-uh, uhh

ha ha ha ha ha, check out this bizarre
rapper style used by me, the b.i.g
i put my key, you put your key in, money we'll be seein'
will reach the fuckin' ceiling, check— check it
my calico been cocked, this rap alfred hitchcock
drop-top-notch, playa-hatin' gon' stop
this instant, rappers too persistent
quick to spit biggie name on shit, make my name taste
like ass when you speak it, see me in the street
your jewelry? you can keep it, that be our little secret
see me (uh), b that is, i that is, gee-whiz
motherfuckers still in my biz
don't they know my nigga gutter fuckin' kidnap kids
fuck 'em in their ass, throw 'em over the bridge?
that's how it is, my shit is laid out (what?)
fuck that "beef" shit, that shit is played out
y'all got the gall, all i make is one phone call
all y'all disappear by tomorrow
all your guns is borrowed, i don't feel sorrow
actually, your man passed the gat to me, now check this

what's beef?
beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep
beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets
beef is when i see you
guaranteed to be in icu, one more time
what's beef?
beef is when you make your enemies start your jeep
beef is when you roll no less than 30 deep
beef is when i see you
guaranteed to be in icu, check it

i done smoked with the best of 'em (uh-huh)
shot at the rest of 'em (uh-huh)
was about a hundred or more, maybe less of 'em
got my rocks off, that nigga from the brook just be
wildin' on you, just be stylin' on you (you so crazy)
when i, tried to warn you but your eyes fucked up
now i cleared them shits with hits
you on the fuckin' bench (mmm)
pardon my french but, uh, sometimes i get kind of
peeved at these weak mcs (don't stop)
with the supreme baller-like lyrics
i call 'em like i see 'em, g
y'all niggas sound like me (yeah)
y'all was grimy in the early 90s, far behind me
it ain't hard to find me
number one with the bui ya kah (bui ya kah)
give me the remy and the chronic, ain't no tellin' what i do to ya
it's obvious the game's new to ya (new to ya)
take them ends you make (ehehe)
and spend 'em on a tutor, hah, one shot, i'm through with ya

what's beef?
beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep (don't sleep)
beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets (ain't safe)
beef is when i see you
guaranteed to be in icu (i see you), one more time
what's beef? (what's beef)
beef is when you make your enemies start your jeep (start my jeep)
beef is when you roll no less than 30 deep (30 deep)
beef is when i see you
guaranteed to be in icu, check it (i see you)

there'll be nothin', there'll be nothin' but smooth sailin' (sailin')
when i spit shots, now your crew's bailin' (bailin')
all i got is heat and tough talk for you (uh-huh)
tie you up, cut your balls off just for you (oooh)
man, listen, straight torture
look what that slick shit bought ya
a first class ticket to lucifer, real name christopher
watch me set it off like vivica
here lies your demise, close your eyes (uh-huh)
think good thoughts, die while your skin start to glisten
pale blue hands get cold: your soul's risen
it's bad 'cause i just begun
what make the shit real bad, i was havin' fun (ahaha!)

what's beef? (what's beef?)
beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep (don't sleep)
beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets (ain't safe) beef is when i see you
guaranteed to be in icu, one more time (i see you)
what's beef? (what's beef?)
beef is when you make your enemies start your jeep (start my jeep)
beef is when you roll no less than 30 deep (30 deep)
beef is when i see you (i see you)
guaranteed to be in icu, and i'm through

(yeah, and i'm through)
uhhh, uhhh
the life after
(now ask yourself, do you really, know what beef is?)
life after
(then ask yourself)
uhh (do you really, want beef?)
life after...
(ahahaha! yeah, i like that)
(big nash, hitmen baby, on and on and on and on)
(bad boy)
(y'all know what it is)
(shit, i don't want no beef, ahaaa!)

who y'all talkin' to, man?
ugh
check it out, check it out
this here goes out to all the niggas that be fuckin' mad bitches
in other niggas' cribs
thinkin' shit is sweet
nigga creep up on your ass, hahaha
live niggas respect it—check it

i kicked flows for you, kicked down doors for you
even left all my motherfuckin' hoes for you
niggas think frankie pussy-whipped
nigga, picture that, with a kodak, insta-mat-tac
we don't get down like that, lay my game down quite flat
"sweetness, where you parked at?"
petiteness, but that ass fat
she got a body make a nigga wanna eat that—
i'm fuckin' with you
the bitch official, though; dick harder than a missile, yo
try to hit, if she trippin', disappearin' like arsenio
yo, the bitch push a double-o with the five in front
probably a conniving stunt
y'all drive in front, i'ma peel with her
find the deal with her, she fuck around and steal, huh?
then we all get laced
televisions, versace heaven, when i'm up in 'em
the shit she kicked, all the shit's legit
she get dick from a player off the new york knicks
nigga trick ridiculous, the shit was plush
she's stressing me to fuck, like she was in a rush
we fucked in his bed, quite dangerous
i'm in his ass while he playing 'gainst the utah jazz
my 112 cd blast, i was past
she came twice, i came last, roll the grass
she giggle, saying, "i'm smoking on homegrown"
then i heard a moan, "honey, i'm home!"
yup, tote chrome for situations like this
i'm up in his broad, i know he won't like this
now i'm like, "bitch, you better talk to him
before this fifth put a spark to him
fuck around, shit get dark to him, put a part through him
lose a major part to him—arm, leg..."
she beggin' me to stop, but this cat gettin' closer
gettin' hot like a toaster, i cock the toast, ugh
before my eyes could blink
she screams out, "honey, bring me up somethin' to drink!"
he go back downstairs, more time to think
her brain racing, she's telling me to stay patient
she don't know i'm cool as a fan
gat in hand, i don't wanna blast her man
but i can and i will, though; i'm tryna chill, though
even though situation looking kinda ill, yo
it came to me like a song i wrote
told the bitch, "gimme your scarf, pillowcase, and rope"
got dressed quick, tied the scarf around my face
roped the bitch up, gagged her mouth with the pillowcase
played the cut, nigga coming off some love potion shit
flash the heat on 'em, he stood emotionless
dropped the glass, screaming, "don't blast, here's the stash!
a hundred cash! just don't shoot my ass, please!"
nigga pulling mad g's out the floor
put stacks in a prada knapsack, hit the door
grab the keys to the five, call my niggas on the cell
"bring some weed, i got a story to tell," ugh, ugh

"yo, man, y'all niggas ain't gon' believe what the fuck happened to me. 'member that bitch i left the club with, man?"
"yeah."
"yo, stinky, yo. i'm up in this bitch crib—this bitch fuck with one of them ol' knick-ass niggas and shit. i'm up in the spot, so, you know—"
"who, god?"
"i don't know, i don't know which one of them niggas. one of them six-five niggas, i don't know."
"yeah."
"anyway, i'm up in the motherfuckin' spot. so, boom, i'm up in the pussy, whatever-whatever. i sparks up some lah, pa duke creeps up in on some..."
"get the fuck out!"
"must have been rained out or something, because he's in the spot."
"get the fuck out of here! oh, shit!"
"had me scared, had me scared to death! i was shook, daddy. but i forget i had my roscoe on me."
"ah, yeah, i know you had the heat!"
"always."
"hahahaha."
"you know how we do. so anyway, the nigga comes up the stairs, he creepin' up the steps. the bitch all shook—she sends the nigga back downstairs to get some drinks and shit."
"ooh, shit!"
"she gettin' mad nervous. but i said, 'fuck that man! i'm the nigga!'"
"i know you was finna clap 'em."
yeah, nigga. you know how we do it, nigga—ransom note-style. put the scarf around my motherfuckin' face
"aight!"
"gagged that bitch up, and played the cizzut."
"ahahaha!"
"soon as this nigga comes up in the spot, i flash the desert in his face. he drops the glass. looked like the nigga pissed on his damn self or somethin, word to my mother! word to my mother, yo."
"ah, shit!"
"this nigga runs dead to the floor, peels up the carpet, start givin' me mad papers. mad papers."
"oh, shit, what? yo, i told you that bitch was a scheisty bitch, cuz! word to mother, i used to fuck with her cousin, but you ain't know that!"
"hahaha."
"you ain't even know that shit! really, though."
"i put all that motherfuckin' money up in the prada knapsack, and, ugh! two words: 'i'm gone!'"
"hahahaha! no doubt, no doubt... no doubt!"
"y'all niggas got some lah? y'all got some lah?"
"no doubt!"